bdcacabcbbdbbbbadbcdcccbabccddacabbcbcddabbababaddaddddcbaabbcdadcdcccbadbabbcdabacdacbbbcaddddc dbcbbcbbacccdbbbbabbbaabaddbdcdabaccadacadbaaddacabaaccabddadcdbbdacacababcbdcbdcbd
bbbaaaabbabcaaccbabdccdbadabccaddcdcaaabdadccbbcddbbcdacddddadababbcadaabbadababbbbcacbdbadc bddbcdcdadbacaabadbdcacaacbadacbaabdcddcaaccdacabacdccdadbaddaadcaabcdbdcaabccaaac
bdcdddadaaddcabbbcdcdacdaadddbacddcccadddaddcabcadcaccbcdacaabacbdddaddbbacaccac acadbbdbdadabdbacddadabdbdbabcdaaabdcadabdddcdbcdcbadcacddaddbbcaadaaccbabdcbdcb
bccbaddccbccddaaaabdaccbddccadabcacdabddbbcbbbabdccabbcabbcaaaadabbcbabbacbcababaaccdbcba dbdabbbaddbcbaccadaaaddbbbcccacaabcddcacbaaccbaddcbbdbababccdcbccbcbaacdbbdbddccbcbcaaadababcbadd
baccadbadbdccadcacdcbddadcbccabcbbcdbbababbadbcbcdddbdacacdaabacdadbcddcbbcbadabdccaaaabdd ddcdcadacdabdbdccbdacbdaabbbbcdbccaccbcdacaaabaccbaaabbbbbaaaabcadbbdaaabddaaacbcabbbaaadcbacadab
ddcbaddbcbbabdabacbddcdcaadaccaacbddbdbabdddbdbacbcdabaabdcdbbaddcddcdbcdabcdddbcaacabdaad dadacaaacdbccbbabdbbdadccdcaadbacbbdcbacbacbdbaccbdacdcacdcdabbbcbdababcbabbbabcaccaabbdabcccbdb
cccdadddccdbcbcaacbabdcbababddbcdddbcdaabdcbcccaabdccabdcabbcbcbabbbadcddbbabacaaadcacbdcccbcd aadacacbcddcabbdcabaddabccccdbbabdbbbaddbdcacdbdbdcadcdcddbdcbddddbdbaacddbccbaadccabaaac
ccdacbbaddbcdbccbdabcabadbccdbccdcacadddcdddbbabaddcdaccaadbdadcbbbdbcddbcdbadadcdcabdbcccdac bcaabbdacbbaacabbbabcaadcddabbacccbdcaababbdccabaddbbbcdaaaabbbdccbdabaccaabdacb
bdbbbccbbbabacaababbabbbbddbbddcccaccdccaacacaaaaabddcadcaddabdcdbbbdbddabdabdbbaccdaadddccda dabdadcccabdcdbdaccccddadcbbcbdbbbbcbbcaddddbaabdabacccaabddbaadaddabbaadacbbdaaddcdddbbbcabacbdc
bbbbadabacbdacadacaddabbddcdcddbdcdaaacacdaabacbbcdabbaaadbdccbabdbdaadaabdbabbdbcaadacccaacccacbd ddadadaabadacabbbbdbbcddccdacddbcbdddacaaadbacbbadacdadddddabbbdcdbbcabbdbcccbccbccdbadb
abababdcbdccccdbddcadcabdbaabbddbcbacabbdcaddbbdabaddbadbbbbabacdcabdcdbbacbcadaacccb bbbaddabacbdcccacbbcadbbcabbacdacbacacaacaddbcacddcddcdccbacaddccacbaaccdcdadaadcbadbccbcadacbadd
abdcbcbcddbbcdcbadcabdacbbbdcabcdadbacccabdacabadbbabdabdbdddcbabababbcaadabbbaccccdccddbacdc ccbcbdadbccbabaabcddcccbbbdacdbaadccbbbcccacacacadbcaabbdaaddbcadcbbdbadbacddbbccdd
abcdddddadbadbdcaabbadacccdddaaadaddcbbaaaccdbcddbaccdbdbbadcdcdccbbcabdbcacdabcddababbababcabcb bcadaacadcacbdabdcadabdbbaaacbccabbbbcdcadbadcacdbdadbdbacdabdcabcacddcccbdbddcbdccdcdbdcbcabd
dbdbdddaacabcdcdbabbddccdaaddacbbcacdcadadcbcdcddccaacdbbcbaccddacdcbaacbbadabbbcbabcddaaacda dbbbcbcccdbddbddddcddcdcdbdcdbabbacdcbcabdadabbabadcbacadbbdabdcabdbcaabcdadcdccaadbd
ccadbcaabbabbdadaadbdbddadbaabcbbbbcbadabdaacdadabcabdacddacbcbbbacccadadbacacabbcc aaaabadbcdddcbbcbdbddbdbcbbdbbadbbbdcaabacbddcadddcacbcbaababdbadbabdcaddcdacbddcaacaaabac
babdabdddddabccbbbabcdcdcbbacbcccacacacbadcbacdcacdcdcdcadcdbcbdbbbcbaadbdbbccacdbbdda dbcbccaccadddabaaaaabdaccacbcadaadacccddccddacbbacabccdadbdabbddccccdbabbadbcdddadcddddcdacbbcd
dcbadccbdabdbabcacbdacbdadbbaaacacbdaacbaccdadadadabbbdabcbddbcbdddbdbdadbcdcdbacdbdccdaab abbcdaddadacaaaaadacbcababbbdbcbdbbabcdcbdccbdcadbaddbdbabbaaadabadcabbcbbadcddbddabab
cbacaabdbdaabbacdcddcbdcdddbdddbaacdcdacddbcbcaccacacaacadbdcaadacadabacaddcaabdccaaccac dbdcdbcbccacccbccdcbdadbbdcdcadbcbccdcbdadbacdabaaddacbbcdddcaddbbbacdacadbcaadbbbaaacbcddb
dacdbaaaaadcbcbbddaabadabbcabbdcdcbdcdcdbddbcdabadadddcccaccdbcdabdcabaacbdbbaca cabbccdbdbcdbcbddcddccbdcbcaccbbacdccdaabaacddcabadbdcdbdddbbdbcbdcccabcbdcdcbdadbcbcdc
adabbbbcdcdcaadcbcccdccadcdaddabdabcaacbaacddadabbcdcacdaabbcbddbcbaaabdcadacccaaddbbacdbbabdadbc dbccaaddccaccbddddbcbadaaabaccbdaccdaadbabababcdacacbadcbbacddcccaadaaabcadbaaaabacbabdbbdddda
aaaadbabbddadddbcadbdbbbaccaccaacbccdacdacacadadbdaabcadcacdbcadcaacccaacccdcadccacaabcccaacddd adddbbccdbdbaaddddbadbaddabcdcaadbbbbabbdbbadbcdacadaabcdbacbdbaaaccbaaaadcaabbcccbcabacdcbdddba
cbcbabcccdadbbbbbdaddbdbacdaaddddcbacadadbddcaaabaacdcabbcdcdcbbbcbcdccbbdccddbdcbcaaa baadadbbadbaabddacadbbbacddacddbdbbabbbdbacdbacaacccdcbacadbabccabbbbabbdddcdcccdacd
badbaadacdacbbdaabbddccbdbdcdbdbbcabdabbdcadaaaaabbbdbdabbdaabacdbabaacdcabaabcbbbabddbbcbd dccbddcdaddddbaacbcddcbacdbddbddcaababacdbdbdbdbddacadbdbababddcadbbabcbacabcccc
daabadaadbccaccbabdabdadbdcdcdbccadabdacbbdadbbcaaadacdbccbbbbcdbbabdaacdbadcbdbcbacd dbacadcdbcbccbdadbcdbddccdbdcdaccbddadcabcaaaddabcbcbdbacaabacddacbbaadcdccdddacbccbca
dcadbabccaddadddccaaccddcdbbaccbcdaaaaddbcdaaabcadcccdaaddbabbbcddcccdabdacccabd acacadaabcdbcbcbddcbcdbdddaabdcbadcccbaddcdcbbcbadddbdccbcbbaaadcbadaababddacdcabcaadaddbdabcccc
bacababaabdcdbbcabddaddbaccbddadddccdaadababcbbaadbccdbdccdbccbbcadabbbbdddadaadbcaabdbcbbdddba cdbdadccadcddcdbbdbbddddcbbcdbdadbbbaddbbcadbabcccbbbacabddbbcbbbbbdbaaadcadadbbadbbddddcbcadbabaad
dbdacabaacbaccdadbbacdbaddabaddabcdcaacbdaabbcbccabbdddbccabacccabccbbaadccaadbccabdacbadc cccbdcbcdbcbcdacccaddaadbcbcccaaabdadadbbacdaabaaaccacbaaacbcadbadadbaacddbbcdbccb
dabdbdacdcabdadcccbadabdbdbbcbcabcadaaabdaaccdcadcdbcbaddbbddcbdcacbddbbdcbabdbabcacdcdb caccabbabbdbbcddcbbddccccdabcbcaacdaccadcbabbdbdbdbbbdaddccbdcbdacddbbabaacabbccdddadcaaabbabaabacb
dacbcbdbcbbcbbababddbababcddaaddacabdbcbaccdbcccbddddbcdbbcccbadacdbbacadcbcbbdbc dcdacabbcddadcdbaaaddbddcdcccacddabbcdbddbddadcaaaacddaddbdcacaabbadacdbadaddabdda
dabdcaaccbccacbaabbbabccaabcdaabcdbabbdabcabdcdcaccbdcbcbbadcabdccdadbcbdcdabdbadaadbcab daabaabcbabccdccaddbaddbacccaddcdcdddbdbdcdbcadbababaacbbbcbbdadaaddaddabcbbcbcbddcdacb
dbbbddbbcadcaaddcccabaddbcbbdcccdacadbcdbaaaabbbababdbcbabcdcbdcccddacabcbccacadadbacbbbcdacddddcbb bbcbbcccaaaadbdaddbabdcbdcbadabdbccdcccddbbbbdcaadaacadddacadccaddcaacaadcbaccdbdbdcaccb
bbadccbadcbdacbccabaabdbcacccbcbaadcbdbaadbabcabbbdaabbacacaccacdccccdaddaaaadabaadacd abdbcadabdbdbcccddadbbdabcdaccacccabdcbddbbcdcaadbbdaacababdaabdbacdabdaaaccacabbbcddcdaadabaac
bacbbbdaddbbdaaadcacaadddaacaaaaaadccbabbccccaaaaabcdadbadbcdaaacbbdcaccabcabdaaccdddbaacd dadacbbbdbaaccdcabadadabbadadacbdcccacadcccbabadacccdadbbcadacbaabbbbbbddacdbcacdccdcb
acccbadbccacbbdbaaadddabdcccdaddcabadacddaaddacbddccbdcdbabbdbaacddcdaaaaabcddbb dcddadacbadaaddccdcaaadaabaaacccdabdcccdcbabbdcbaadcdbbdcaabdbadddabcdbabadacbdcabcdbbbddd
dcdacdcadabadbdddcaddacaabbadbdbdadaabcdccaadddbbacacccccccacaadcaabbbacbacdbbdbbdadbccabcccabdca acbbabcadbdbdbcdaaadddddccdcabdcacbbbdcacdaaccbdcbaddaaadabdacabbbacabacacbdcddcdacacaddbbabddadbbd
dcdaaccabbdddbddbbabcdcbaccadddaaddbdaaaacabddcdbbdaaccacdbacbabacddbdbbdcccacbccdc dabaaadaddabbcacaccadcdbdbacddccdacdcacdcdabdaadcbacdbcccacdcdacacacdcbcddcccdbacddcdddbabcbcaccb
ccbbcccabddcbcaaddbbcbbabdacccbddacbccacabacbdacbacaccabbdaaddabccacbadbdabbaaddaabbaaabbddb dcdabdcaacacccacacbbabccbdddaccacdddacdbadbcbabbadddaadabcbaabbdcabcbccbdccbaacabbbdd
abcdbbcbbdddbbbccadaaacabadabdcdbccdabbadadbadcbdbbccaccbbcbdcbdbdcacaabacaadaadc baaacaddcccbbcbacdbbcbcccdbdbaddbcaaddabbbdddadbaddcbbcacccbcccadaccaacababddccddbbad
dacaaabdaadddbaabbadbabccccbcbaccddbccadbcbbdddcbcbccbbcdbadbadaaccaabadcccddbbbdddcddbbcb cccdbbbcdacccdbbbbcacddacbdddadcdbaddadbcbcabdcaaabcaadaacbacaccdddbabbbdbdcdbcbadddbdaabccbaadbb
adbcbcacdcdccdccbcdbdbaadbdbdaddaacdacaddbbababadadbabcaadacaddbdbdabaccbabbacadcdcbbb cdaababadddcbdacadabbdcdbdbbdbbcbacaadcdaaababddddddbadbbdaacbdaaaddbbccabcacbadcbabbbdd
aabadbbdcabdcabaabbcccbcadddcdaddbbbdadbabbcabadadbcaabdaaccdccbcbccbdcdacccabaaacdda cbddbabdabdaaccacbabaaabacaadadbbbdbcaaccacacdbbbccaabcacaadcbbbbcbdaccbabddbbddcaaaddacbaadabaccd
dbcbbbccabddcadcdcbcdacadaabbbbcaaccadccdacbbababdbcdbbdaadccdaabcdcddadcbcccdaabdabacbadcc dcabbacacbcbcddcddcbbddbadbccdcabdbcaddabadcdbadbbdddccbdccabaccccbddbbbcdbbaadcddbbdacbbcbbd
cdcaaaccacdadaacdadcbdcdbcdccdbdaabddcadcabcbbcbbdbdcdcccbdaaddcaadbdadadbbabcbbbacdac bbbbdcaaddddabdcbadaabcbabadcccadbbbcaaabcaabbacdbdacacbdacaabcbacccbdccaacdcaaadcbdacaccacca
ccccbdadbdccccbdadbbcadadaadabbddcbaabdaacbabadaaacbadccabbcbcbcdcabdcdbccbbbdcadabcdbbdddbbaaaaa cdabbdbbdbcccddbaacddadcadaaacaabcdbcdaabbdcdbddddacdbdddcdddbcabdaabddacbacacbdaaa
acacccddabbbdabdaaadaadbcccacdcdbbddadcaadacdddddccdbdaacdabbccacacacacbcadddcbbbbaacbc accbbbabacddcdcddadccdcdccbbbcbbbbbcddcaccbdddcddbcdcacbaadacadadbdaccacbaaabbdd
bbbcaadcdcdabdcbcbabddddadcbcdcdccdbaabddbbdbabddacabbababcbdbabbbcbdcbcabccdacbabdbc bcadabdacaabdbdbcbdcdbadccdabdbddcdbbccaddbabcbaaaddbbaabddbaccdcbaddcacdaacbccbbcbabcccc
adcabcdbcbbcdcccbcadcaadcaaacccacbadbacacbaccdbcbbadcadbcacdcddddbdbddbdbddddadccabd ddbadbcbadcdccbcdcdbdacababdcacdcbdccddbadabbddcdcaccdccbdcddccbdcccadaabbddcccabddbbaaacbaa
aabadbadcddabccacaaccdbcbbdbdcdbbcbaddabbcbbcadacacabadbdccbadadadcddbddabcbdacbabaccaccccdaa bddbcbbaaabcdadcdbacabbcaadaddbdbccbdcccabcbccccdaabdccddcbcdbacdbccbbadabcaaaddaddabbadbadbcdcaadd
dabdbdbacaaadcddbadacbababdddcabaccbcdaabcccabdbcabcbdcaabdcaacdaccbcadaddccbdaaadaccabbdccabad dacaadbcdcaccbdacaadcbaadbddbcdbbbaccdbbdcadbdbcdababbbcccddcbadadcdbacacbcdcdbacdaccbbcccccaabc
daaadbbbdccccdbbdbcbbcabbaaadacbdbdabcacdcabbcdabcbbbdabbbdabccdbadbccbcbccbcddbbdccdcdacdcdbcd cdcaacdabbcddddaaacacaabcacabcaddcbcbdbbacccddcccabbbabacaabdacdabbdbdbbbdbabbacddddadaacbcbdaccca
bdaccbbbaabaacaadcaabaaaaccbbcdacbbaaccaabbbaaacbcdbbabbdcaaaababdaabccdbdbddbabbdbddadbcbadbaabccb dcbdbbcbbdbcdcaccbccbababbccbaaaadcbbccccdbbcdacdbadbccccbbacdabbaabaacddacbcbdaabccddaca
aaaccdbbddadbdcbaddaacccbbbaddbcbbcbadcaadcdccbddcbbaaccddabaadbcbbcabbcacaadcabdbdb cbcbcbdcbbbbdaddbdcabdabbdadbdadcabdaaacabaddddacabdbcaacbabacaaabdcbcaadabbcddadbacadabd
bccdacbccdbaccbcdacacadacccdcddcbcadbdbdadbdbaaadbbdcacbcbccaadcbdbaaaadbbabacdadacdacdaabbddb cdadadacbbcdbbdabbdccbabbbbbcdbcadacaccadbdccaadadbbacacacacdcbccccbaddcdccaadbaaa
bddaddcbcdbccddacbbcabcdcddcacddbcccabaabbcdbdddcbbdbccbcdcbdbbacadaaaabcaccaddabdba cdcbacccddabcabdaddcadddddcdaabbbacbacaaabaababadddbcabccdaabccabcbabdbdaadabdbdbc
acdadcadcdaccabbdccdcdbaddacaadaddbcadcabdcdbccadbccdbcbaddbcabbcbcbbbddabbabadcbbbcd bddbdcbbddaaabcdbacadddaddcdbabddaaccabababcccbddaadadcbdaccdbaacaccbccbbbbbdcdccbdcadcbcbaad
dacacbcbccbdccdaadbbbbbbbbbaacbcdabadbcacabcbbaddbbbbacbdcbcddbaabbabdbacdcdabdbdbbaabcbcddbaaa daadbdadbbabbdcdcbbddddaabadddccbaaddaddbdbdadadbddcdadaccaabcbcdbacddbabddbcbbccbccbaddddcdadbd
bcbbdabddddabdbaccbcadddabadccbbccaddbdadcadcbdaccbdbbaabacdabbdadadddacdcbaddadabdabcada abcaaadddacbbdcadadcbbbdbccdcdbcdaaaaacbbcadacdaadbbbdaccccbcbaacdbacdcbccacabda
badaaacdccadadddadacabdbaabbaacaabacdcdacacbdadcbbcdbcdabbbcacbacdddaabadadccddabaddcb bacddadcaccabbabcabdbccaabbddddcdcbdadddbcbaccbcbccbdcaacbbdbadbcbdabdcdbcaacaddadcbdacbaaabcccbab
cdcccdddddacbdbaddaabbaadbacccbaabadcaaccaadbacbdddcdccbbcaaacbbccbadcdacaacbcbdbaaaa accbcdbadddbccbaddaaadccacdbadbdcbddcbbcbcadbbbbddbdadbbadddadabccbddaadabdbbcdbadacbbdacccaba
acccabcdbcaaccbacbbdccaaadcaababdcadaabbbbacadaacbccabbcbdabcbccbbbcbaacdcddbdcaabadbadbcba bdcddbaacddcababbcdcddbaabddbdaacabbdddbdcbbacbddbbabbacbddddbabbbaacaabddddcacdbbcac
ccbcaacabaaaacccbcbbdaaccddcabdcdbcbbdbcdcddbdbabccdacbbbcdadbdcccccadcccbddbccdbadaccdca aacabbcdbccacaabccabbbbaddddaddcbabcccaacacadcabccdddcbcbadccbbbdbbdcdcbddcccdcd
abbbaddccaaaaddbdaddadcdadacccadadacabcddbacdbbaaabbdbadabbcbbbadccddaccbbcbabbbbcdbdbca bbaaadccacadadbdcdbacacabbdbcdbadaacccdbccccadbaadadcbdbbdccbbcbaaddcdabbcaababcbad
ddacddcabccbcbddaaabacdcdbaddbbbaccccdadaacdcbdbbabcccccdacbcdabbdccbbbdabcabcaabacc cccddabacbbbdadaddadcaacdcbcbacbdcaacbabcaabdbacbdbbcbdbcbcdbbcabccbacbcdcdadddadacdaca
baddccbaabcacdbcacadcbcadcddbdacbdadcdcdacdcabaadaacbcbccaacadbcdcbcccacacabdccccdddccc cacdbbaacacabbcddcdadbcdbbbdadaaddcbbdbcdbabbcbbcddccddbcbdddbcdcddcbdaccbbcacbdccbaadbabcdcbadbcb
dbcdbbacccccccacbbcdcacbabacdccdcddabddbbdcccbbdbdadcdabbdcadaaddbbcaabbbaaccbacaabcadcdbb ccaabbdbbcbbbcabdbbcbaabcdbababdbcbbacbdadbabaaadabdbadcaaabdcaabdbdddacaccccbaadbdb
dbbcccadddccbdbcbbddaabaabaadcacdddddccacaddbdcdbaddabdbbccbacababddbccbbacccbbdcbcadaabdcdb aabcbaacacbacabaccabdcccdacaaadcbcbcacabbcbabdcdbadbdcdcddcaacaddcbddbdbdbcadacbbbaac
cacacaaacaccdcccdbadaadccacccbbdcdccdcabbbbababbbbabdbdddaccbbbdbaacdbccabcacbcacbbcdabddcaabdbbcb bdcbdbcdcddcbddbcccabacddcdbaaaddbdbdcdacbcabdadadcbdbdccbcbbdbdbaacaadbaadbddcdacadabdbc
bcaacadcddbbddbbddcbaaaaadbcbaaaadcbcabdabbbdbdbbddcbdddcddcddcddccabadddbdaaccabca cabcbdbbbcdabcabbcadddabccaabaacbdccbdbacdcbbdbabdcbaabcdabddacbbabbbaacbccdbaadbbdabcdbddb
cacabaabdabbaadcdaacaabdacdbdcaaacaaccbbbacdbcddbcdbadabdcbdaccbbdabbddbdbddabbcdbacabbddacaddabbab dcbbbdaaddccbacbacaaddcdaadadbddbcacbdacccabcbaaaaadacdbcbabacdcddbbdddabaaabdddbabccc
ddddcbdacbcbbabbabaacdcdcbcbacdbcadccbaaaccacccbbcdadadcbddaccdcabdbcabaabacacdbdbcdbaaccdb aacdbccddcbaaadcbaabbbcbcaabdcddcabbdbdaaabccbbabcaaaccbdcdcdddadabcaaccacbabcdbaaacabaaacaddabaadd
bcadaabdabacbbabdcacdaddabdbdbdbcadcdabbdccbaaadcddaabbcabbbbbdabaccdaadccdbadaacdadd abdabcbaccddcdabbcbbdbdbbddccddababdbcbbcbbadcaaaabaddddccbbddbbcabcbacacdcccbacdaaccbccc
abbdcabddcadacccdaccddbadbbccbacbccabdbbcadbdaacccdcbacdddddcadcccaccdccababcbcacabdbcbaca dacdbabaddddbdddaddccaaccbbdadcacaaccabdcbdbbccaddcbaaddbbcadcbdacdacdacdaadbcbacddaacabd
cddacdacabddaadcacbbadbcdbadbcddbabdccababdccbbadabdbbcaadaaccaadbdddbaababbabadcdcaababadc abdbdbbdddcadcacabdcddaadbaabcabaaadccbdabdbdcbdcaaaabdddbbdbcbbdadbbacbbcaccbbddcabca
dddaaddcdcbbbabbacccdacacddbbccabbaaadbcbadcbbbacdabdbcdabdcddaccbbccdaacadccbdbbdcddacdccccbdcba dabccabbbddaadacccaaaddccdcdcadbdbcdbdacbcdcddbcaabcdddccbcbcbaabcbabdcabbacdaba
dadcdcbddbbcccbaacbaabbbddcaacdadddabccddbbcaccadacbdcadadcbdbadbdcbdacbabcabdbdbcdddcda ddbbdbdaaadaacbbbabdbdccdbabdacccdabcdaacbbdddacdbabbaaadaacacababadbbacbdbcdaddbadadccdcadbad
cdabbbbdbddbbabcdcacacaccadbbddabadaabacabdbaaaddbdcadbccbabdaddcbdcbabddcacadccbacaab ccdacdcbdcbdacbccdabdbcdcaadaacddbdbadddbdddcccaadaadaabcbbcabaabbbdbdcddcbdabcbcbbcdaaddbbaddddbac
daaabbabdadcdddcbdabdabcdddbcbbdbadcbbdbbcaaadbcddbabccbacdbcaacbadaccddcbdaadaaaccadcda cbdddacccdacaaaaabdddddbbdddbbdaacdddbdccddddbcccadbbacbcabadaabdcaddbbccbdcccccd
ccbbacdddabdabccdbcddabcbccadaaaadaabbddbbbcbbbbbcdaaacccbaaccccbdbdbbbbbaaccbdabbcbbdd bbabdaacdbdacdcabcdddccaacdbcccaddabababdbbcaacdabdccdacadcccccadaaadbddcdabbbadbdccdcdcbc
cbaddddddabbaaddaadbaadcadbcadcdbadcabdcadcaaaacccbdddabbccacabcadcdccccccdddcacccaabbaba adbdadddbacadcbabdacaabababdcdaccddababbddddabacbbbcbadaaacdcaabddbdbccdcaabcabbccdccaaddaacbc
dbcdadcacaaaabacacadabbbbdcabadbcaccdbbbabcaababbcbabcddbccbabdddbddbacbabdddddaddccddaacdac cbbaadbbddbbcbdbbadbcdccaabdaabdbadbacdccccaadddaacbddbadcdcddcaacbbdadccacdbcddddaabbdadcbcd
bdacbaaccabcbbdaacbdcbbbadcabadddacabdcdadabacccadaccbadddbcddcabcdaddccadbcdcbabcdaaba adcaaabbaaadbbacaadddcaccddacbbadbbbddbdcaabbabdbcbdaadcbcbcdcaacbcadbdbabdadaddddbab
ddcaadcabcddccccbacadccbadadbdcbadaabddadcdaaddabcdaadddcbcdaaabacadbdadccdbccbddd cddbbcabaaccbdccbacdbccbbaccabacdbddadbaabcbccdbdacabaabaaacccbaadacdacdabcdbbcadcddcbacaa
addadbdaccddabbddacccbccbccaacabaddbaddaddacdbdcdcbddbdcabdbcdbdacbbccaadcccddacdcadccaaccdabcdb baacabdcbbccbbaabbcbdabcaddcdadbccdbaabbddcccbdccbadaddbdacbabadddccabbcbaccadbbccadaacdd
cdddddacadbdaabccbccccccbcadbacbbdbcabbbdacbabddcabbabaddacbcbbcbdbcbdbacbddcdbdcaccaccbabadbca bbaacddcdcabcbbccccbcdabdbaadcbabbaaaadcaadbdbbbaaadcaacbbacbdabacacdacdabdbdddbbddbcbcdbdccdddc
cadadbacbacabbbcdcdaadddbcacddacdbcccabbcdbacdcbbbccbccadababbaddbbbbdbdcbcddcbaba bcaddccbbbccdddbcaacabaadcddcbabbacdbccbadadcabcdcbddcbccbcddbdbbdccdbbccdbcaddbdca
acccdabddacbcbbbdbdadabdbaababdcacaddbacacacabbcbdbacaaddcddccdcaabcbcbcdacbcdacddaa cccababbcacccdcbaacbdddadacaadaccddacadcaaabbabbabacbbcdbbcbcbbccccacdcccbbdadaac
acddaccdacddbdbcaabcadcacabcdcdadabbbdcaadacdabcdaacddadcdcddbcadcabddadbbcbcdabbaabbcadbaccbbcdcd cbdbdbcdbcbbbcbbbdaadccbccddadabdabbbcccadbcaccaadbcbabdbbdcbacaccdcccbbbcdacbdbabacab
addadcaddabdcabbaddaaaaaacaacbbcadcababababadddacabaddcdbaddbdbccccbbdaaaaaaaadacadbaddbadccdadcbdc bbccabddabaaabccdaaaaabdcdbdbdbdabccbdbcddbdbbddcadbaccabdbbccbabacabdcbdbbdcdcbabbdd
cbaddabdcaccbdcccdbadcacccabbbbdabcacdcbcaadadbaabddbcbbdcbcdaababcaadccdcabcbdaadbcddbbabdadbba ddadccabdbbccaaddcbbdbbdbcacbbdabbcbbcdbbddbdabcbcdbadbbacabdcddacbadbddccaabacddbabadadccab
aadddadbaadabddccbcbddabbdcbccdccbdaadaaddcadddbacbbbcbabbcddaddbdbbabdcbaddadbcaaaabcccddcabccc cbbdbcdbbcaaadccaadcdadbdbcdabaadaccbbccbddbbacdbcdabadcbcdcacacccdbcdcbbbccabdcbbcccbdbdbadccaaac
acdddaccddacdcbbadabddcbcdbbaccdabcbabbcdbacccbbaacbacbcdbbaaaaabccbbdbaabdbabadbabbacbcddcaacbaa cdcbdaabdbbadcabdccbddcacccbbcabadabcccabadbccadbdbcdaadbbaddabddadcdbaddbcadbdbad
cbcacabaacddddaadbcbcacdacbccadbbbccccaddddcbcdadacbddaabdaadbdcdabaacacdbcccaabbabddbaac cddbbbdadbcbadbcabdbddcbcabbacbdbaadabbaadccadbbdcbabdbbcdbdbabadbdbdaadadccdaadcdcd
ccbacbdacbdaacdadbbddddaccbabdcbabcacbdbddddcdbacbacbbdbdbcabbcbabcdbbcabbbabaadbccabc abababdbbacccddcdadccbdadabdabdbaadccabaadbdabacdaccdddddbbaddadbbbbacdbabbbbbcbbdcb
cbccacaadbdddaabccbaddabbbbaabacbbdadcdabcdcaadaabcddccacccabdbcbcbbbaccdcabcbcdccac ccadcbcdbbdcdcbbddbbbbbabacbbdaddbbbbdcabbdbcaccadadacddbdcdcaacdbbdaaddbcccadaddccdadadcbdbbad
abaabddcbacbdcaaddddbdddcacdaccbcccbbacaaddccccbabbbbbccacadbadbabcbcaadcaabdadaadd bbcbbccaddabbbcababcdbcdcacaadcdbbabdaccbaadcdccabcdbbabaacccbaaccabbbabdbbcdaabbacccadabdbadabac
adbbacbccdbbdcabadbbabcbdcbbbccbbabddbdccbbacdbbcbbcdcccbdbbabdaaabaaadbccabacadcabdcdacbaaaccbbba daabcabbbcabaabcbacadcdaddcdaacbbdccaaddcaddaccbacadaadacacdacadcaacadbcccbacabcacacdbcadbaacd
dcbddccdaddcdcbcacdbcdaaaddbbbbaacddcbbaaaddddbaabcbacbbccadccacbbaadcdccaacbbacabbd cbcdcaaacabbdadccadcacdadaaacabcbbcabadbcabbccabdcaabccdcababcadcacdaddaccbdcdcddacabdbb
adaacadadcaddacacbbbdcaababbccccbdcbbadaabaadadcdbdadadadaabaaddcdadacadaaaddcdbacaabcb ddaabcccaaccbcbddbdbbbaaccbdcbdacdadbbdcccaadbdaaddabbdaadbabccbddbdaaabcbacacddcdcbbdaaabcdadccacd
daacadcdccbbbabaddadacaddacdabddbdbcbbbbcaabadacccbcccacbcdaccadddbccababbacaddbbaadccddbbbcb bbbccdccbdaacadcabcbbdcdcbdddabbddabaadccdcacccdbbbddcdaadbaaddbababdadbbcdcbbcbb
daaadcabdabcbbbcbacccdaaddabbcddacaccdccaacbdadcdddcccdbbdcbddaaabdacbddcaaddbadb cdbbcadabadbaababbadacddcbababcaddcbbcbbbaaacbccbaabbccdccbcdacbbaabddccaadbaabdbbbd
cccadaccacaccbccaabaddacddaabbddccddabdacccddaabdcaabcacbbaddbbcaddcbdabbbdcccbdcddabbc daddabdccdcdcbbcacccbbcadcbbcccbbdbbadbddadacdaaddcddbaddacbbacdcbdcdcbdccddcbbbdddddacbadcaadcada
aaaccaadbadbbbdcddcbcbcdcaaccaacdbcddbcddddadcbbbdcbaadaaadcdcbbdabbdbdbcbcdabcbaaaa dccbddadaabbcdadacbacbadcbcdacbcabdaaacbcdccdcaabcbdbcccadccdbdacddbbcdbcadbbbbbaabbabdaabcdacbabb
cdcbcdacbabddbddadcdccddbdccaabacdacadcbdaccdddadddabababdbdaabddaaacbabdabaadcadbcb cdcdadbbacbcdbbdaaababcbaacdcaccdbbddabbdbdcccddcbddaaabcadcdddacacdbadaaadbdacc
bbddadcbbadddcbbacbcbaadbbcdcbbabbdbcadddcdcdbacbccbbdbccdbbadbccddddcbbaacdaaccdbcbbcaaccdcbd dacdacbddcaadbaadbdcabcadadadcdcbdbbbcadaaabbbcdccadaacbaccaccabdcaadbdaddbadcacbacaaccbdcacba
bbaadbcccacccccbbddcdaccbcaadbbbdbccbdaaaaaadbcbcabbabdadbadbbcccaddddadbaacbddacddbdcd bdacccdddbaccbdbcaabaabbdbcdcbddacbbaadcbaadcbcdadadadcccadddacddaacdbcbbbaaaacaacaddbdddadacb
dbcbddadbabbcdabadabcbbbcaaaacbdbcbdbddbbddabdacddbaacbdbaadccbbbbdbcdddbcdabcaabccda cbdbdbaddccdbdcbdbaadcadbdaabbbddcadaabdddaaaaaadaabbabaaabbcdabacdcddcbdaaaadcaadcaaccdcbdddbad
bbbdccabdbdbbbdcdbcbcbdbcbaabdbdbcabbabaaaabacbbaacabbabccababdabcbddbdbcacdccdccbbcbdbaadbdcaba baaabccbaacadbbaabbaddabbccbdcbcddcaabadacbabacbaacacaaadbbccddddcdddbcdddccbaaccaacabaca
caddcbbbaaddbccccbacccbdcaccadcbdadddadddccdcaadadddabbdbcdbbcacdcadcbccaadddcadbddc aacdcdcbcdaacaacdcddcbdbbadbaaddcacadacdbccdddbaacbccbdcbdbbcddcbbcdcadbbccbcabbdccbddbcbbdccb
cbdbcacdaccbdabccadadaaadcabbdbbbbdcbabbbaadaccaddccacbadcdcaccdcbdaaadbbcbadccacbca adccbaccccbacaaaacbcbaaacaddbbdcdccdddbcacaadcddcdadcdddbccacaaaabadabcddddbababaddccadbbadbaad
bccdabcdcaaaadadabcaaabdcaabcadabbacacdccdabbabdbdcccbcccaabbbdadcdbacdccdcaddaaabddbbcbacdca adabaccbdbacaadbddcbadcadcdcbacbaaccaccdcdcabccbdabcbadccdccabdcbccacdaaddbbcdbdbbcddbacbcadabab
daccadcbbbbadadcdddbabdcbcacbbbacbdcddabdacadadacabccbaacddadbccbbdbbabdddbaacdbacdbadaadcc abccbcddbcbcbdaabccbbbadcacbbaddadbcddcbcaccbccbddabadcdbbcdcbbabbcccbdbacbacccbabbdabddcacdaa
ababdddddbacdaacadbdacabbcddcabcaaaadabbadadabdddacaadadbbcbccdabacbddbcdcbababadcdcaaacc abbbbabccdaddbdaaaadcbcaccbcbdcbaacbadadbcaabbbcadccadabcdcbbbabaabbcbcdabdababcb
cbcdaadcbcacabaadaadcccccadacaaaadbbdcbbbdbdadbaaabadacdccbacaccdabccbddccccacabaaadccccdbaaadbdaa cdaccddbaabbbccbdcacbaaacaaaabcaccbdaabbaadcacdddbbbcbcacdbbcddbbbbdddcdbcbcbccc
dcaaccaacdbdaacacacbddaaabcabdabbcbdcabcbcdadddcbbccdcaabacadcbaadbdaabcdcddbaaccdcaadcdcc addadbaabaaaabccdbccdadbdcacddcdaaccababddabdbcaaaacbabadcaacacaddcadcdbcdcbbbabddabdbcabd
cadccdaabbbdaacacbcadacaadcbbcaacbdbddddbbcbcaacdcaddacadaababdbbadcaacbcaccdabbddcdccbdc abbacbbcdaccdddabdacccddbaabbcbbcaadcdcbaccbddabbbbcacaccccacccdabaddbaaabcbbcdcbadbdcb
bdcdcadcbdcddcddbbbbbcbadbbdbabaccacbcbcdcbccbaddccacdcddababcadcdcbdbcdbabacdbcccdddada dadbaccaaaddddcdcbacacaaaaddbbaddaddcdbadadbbdabbdcaaccbccabbddadaccccabbdbbbcccdbabaccdccabad
bdaabacbabccbdacbabadabcdcdadcbbaabcdbcaddcbacbccabdddcbaacdddadbddddbddcadccaadbab ccbabbbadcddacddaaccbdccddaaaabbdadadcdabbbbbcdcadabbcdacdbdbcdddadaccbaacdbabaabcddaadaddd
acdbdadbbcccacdbdabccaadcccbaabcddcddccacadacddcccadbcdadccdcdccbaaadbbadcaacacdabddcdbbddbdacd dbcadadbcaadccbcacccbdccacaabdcbddadbabaaadbcccbdabccacbaaabbccabbadddcddbcbabdbdccabcaab
abbadbcacdacdbddddcabaddbcaccbacddabacadbabdcbdbbcacdbaadddcbadbbaccbcbcddcbdccbdcdbcbdadbcbbccba caadddacaabdbbcccadababdbdaadccaaabadabcdcdacbadbabdbdaacbdaaadccbcaddacbadbdbcaccdcadbadcdbcc
bddccbbdccdddbbbaacadaabbbacbabcdabdbaadcdcbbdbdccccdccdbddcacaacddcbddaaababdcddaccbaabaabbcbcbcab aabdcaccccbcaccbacdbaadaabacabcadcdcbbcccbbdbddddbaaadbbbdadbabdbbdacbacbadbaadcacdaddaadbdaadcc
babdadcbbddcdcdbadabbcaddacddadacbbabdcbadabdbaabcadaccaabbbdcdbcdaddccbcaabccdbabbcacbacbaaadcbdad ccdccbdbbdadcadcbdabcadcdbdbbbbcddabdacbbcacdabbbabbdbbddcbdbbaddbadcaabcbaddccaabbadcddabbbdbd
badbbcabbcbabaccccaabbaacadacbcbcdbcabdcdbddacabbcaadaaaddbccacbaaaadacdbbbdacdcbacbbdcabcaaccddab abdbaaadbbcadcdccdacbccccbddaaaddcbcdbdaccdaaacadddccbddabaddbdaabaabccdbddddcbaaabc
bbdccdcbccbcbcadadaccdcddcabdbadbbdbdaaadaadadbacddcdccbbcbbbbdbdaadcbcbdcbaddcbcdbdaaccabada bbabcbcdbbddccdbbbadcdcbbbabdbddabbcdbcdccbadbabcadcabccddbccdcaddbaccccbdbacadbabaaab
ddbdcdbcacddabacaadaddcccccbababcbaaddcacbdcaaaaadaacbbabdabdcbddacbbdbabccdadcdbbadabdaada aaaadbabdbabdacdcbdccdccbadadbdcbdcbbbdbccaaacddbaaaddccbbbbcadaabbaaacabcabdbabdcdcdac
bdbbadaacaaddcdddaabcbacdccaaaaddccdcadbdbacdbabadbcccabadcddbbdaccccabdaacbbaccdcaa dbbdbaccbbababdcdddbdbdbdabacabacaccdcdbabbcbacbbcbbdaddcaccaacacdbdaddcccdddbbbd
bcccddbbadcacddbcddcbaaabcbcbacbbbbbdccddcbbbabbbbdcaadadaabacbccccabbdcabbdbcddc dcbcbdbdcbdaccdabdcadbccbbabcddbcbbcdbbdbacbaadacdcbdbcccaabdcbacacaacbccacdddcddbccabbccbcbdd
daacadbbccbbbdcaccbccbcaaaddabdcccbbbcccccbcbbdccccdbcadbcabdbbcbcdbdcacadcabdccbddaacacdbab dacdbdddddaaababcaabcccdcadbbbbadcadabddaabddddadbcaddbddbbccdabbbdaddacdcbaaaccacbbbccbadbbccbd
abdcdabbbcbcacaabdadaaccacadbddcabccdddcaddccdaaaccbabdcdacdaccdcbabadbdadbadbcacacb ddabaaccddbdbbdbbadccddabcaabdabcccdaabacccbdddbbbdcacccdbbddcacbbbaccdbcdbdabdcacdacbbcdacccbb
dccdaaaacbbaabbdbabccccbaabbdcddaccccdbaddddbaadadccbabccddcdcaacbadaaccccdacbdbbbdddddbc cdbbcacdcdabadbccdbacccdabdacadcdddacdbabadbaccabccadccbdcdbaccacdabaabaaddcbdcca
cabddccabbbabcbdabdbcccacdcbadadcabcdbbadcccaabdbbcabadbbababbcabadcbaacddcabacaaaabcdabbcddbadbd bbacbadcacdadadccbaacbadddbcbcaddaaadaddabdbcdcdbdcbccddbdbabdaadacdacbacccbccdbadccdbbadcbaaadbca
bbaddadbddacdbcaacaacdcbdcaddbaacbcabbbccbcccdddaabcdbdaabaddbcbbccbaaaaaacbcddcbadbdaa cacaadabccdabdbdbcaacaccdcbbadbadabddddcdddbbdbbddcaaacacdaabcaaacdcccabbdadcdbcb
accdbacdadcbabbacbcddcaabdbbdbacbbcacbadcbacdccaacbabcaabaadcbdbcbcdbbdbcdddbdabddaacbaacbdcddcc cdddbbcbcbadbdbdccabdccaadddcbdacdddcdcbbbbabddabdbcdabbccbbcbbaabcbdcadddcdbbdcabadacadbb
abbdbccdbcabddbacddcaabdbcbcbbddadaabacabdbbacdbdcaacbdccdcaddbcdbbacaaabacabddccdddabbabbaaaa bcdcadabacdcbcbdcdcaccdcaaddaadbdcdcdbaddbccabbcacccbaaabaadcaabdbbcccababbcabcbaadbdbbdaadbb
dcabbbdadbccbdcbcdabbddbddcbadbbbadddbcbacbddababacbcccaccbaabddbcbcdbbccdacdaddaaadbbdbacbccdbb adcabbddbcddcabbdddaadccabdcdbacadaaabccdbcaccdbbadcdcadbadbcbaddbabacabcdccbbcbcbdbaccdccaadbdcda
acacbdadbbcbacadbaddddbbbdccdccdbdcbccbbabcbdddbdccdaacddcabbcbcbdacadcaccdbcbabdbcabcdaadcaa aabccaaabbcdddcaabdabbabbbabbdccbcbbbacadbaabcaaacbdddcaccbbccacddaadaaadaddacaadba
cbdbdbbbbbbbacaccabadcadcbcdbbaabcadbbbccacaacabcaabddddabdbcccccdbadabdaaaaccbccababadacb bcabddbdbdbbadddbcbddbbcbbdbcaaaaabcbdcacadbbaccbccddbbadcddccadcdacdbbdcdbacbbda
ddaccbdbddccadaaabdbacbcdcacbacaccdabbdddacddddbbccdbbbbaabaabbbbabbbbcdccbcdadddddaabd dcbcaaddcdbcbcacddbdaaadccdccacaddbcdcbcabacabddddcbcccdaabbbddbaaaadcbbcababbbbacdad
cdabdcdbccbcaaddaccbdabadcaacaccdcadabccdacccdbbbdbaadddadbccdabadcbdaccddbdbccadbadacbdcbcdcba dabbaabdadcbbacdcbdaadcaabadabcccdabcdddddaabbaaacbdccccccdcabadadbcbdcaabdacdbcadadddadaaac
daadaacaabaccdbabdbcacaacbddbbdddacaccdcdbcccaccccdbdccbbadcacccaaaabaadbcadaaddbdbbadcacdcb dbbcddacbaacbadacdcdddabbabdbdbbcccdacdbcbbcccdabcacccdcadbcddaacacdbcbdabcbbadaccaddcbdbcbbabb
bcbacccbabdacaccbccbdbdcaadabbcdcbadbbaacdcbabcaaabbdbddcadbcabcadabaabbbaabbbbbca bacccbbdadcdddbccbbacddcbcbbddbcbdddccdbdaacbadccbdbacdbadcdbbdcaabcdbbacaabdcaddabbccddbacddabaaaa
bddabdbacbbdaccadbacdbdbcccbaaccaddbcaacbcdbaacacdacadbadbbacbabbdbdaaabdacacbbaccdcbcad badbdcadcaccacccddcaddccdbccbacbbcaddbadaccbdcacbcadbbbddbccadabdcbadacdcbcaabbad
cdbcacdccdaacbaadcbdbaddabbcddcbabadbbccdadacbdcaaaacbcdbdccddadccbbacababcaaccdabadddbd bcbabdaaddbbbbaaacdddcbccaabbdbdbcabaadadcbdddcbbbcdbadaccbcbbccdcddddcadaacabdabcbbcdaaaadcdccacbd
acccabbadaddccdabbabdcdbddbdddbbbbdccadcdbbbdbccbadbaacabbbaddbcadacaadbcddbbdcbbaa adccaacddadaaaddddbbcacbbacccadcdbcdcbdbbdbaadcabcbcdcbbddbbacaacbcddabcbdbbcabdadcaaa
acbdadccccadbbdaddbabdaaddaabcacbcdcabbbadcdadcdaaaabdaaaddccbccdcabdddbdcbbbbcabaa daaabdbdcbcbacbdbbbcccbabaccdbababadbacdddcabcddcdaccbabbbddabbaaaadabaadbadadabbdcddbd
dcbcdbdaadacccbbdaadcdacbddcabaddcaaaaabdacbabdddabcacaabdbaabcabcddcbcdaaadbdbddacabbddadb dbcbdbabcdacadadbcccbabcdcacdabdbbadadbcbdcadcadccaabbbbaabcabcbddbccbdccbdabbdcaadabdbaaadca
bbbdaaddabcbdbbacaddddadcdabaabbddbbaaccbcbcbaabcbcaabcccaacacaaababbdccaacaacddbadcabaaababcacb ccdcabcdbadbbcdbaccabcccbdbdbbcdcbbbdacdbddddbacacacabcdbadbddcbcabbcdbdccabccdbabadbdadacdaa
abdbbaaddddbaccadbdcddabccccbcadaacbadaaaacdaaadddaaaaabcadcdcacddbacdacaacbddccccbcdbc acadbcdcaabdaaddaddccdabaacacadcabcdacbbdababacddbdbbacabadcbadaddbacdbbdcacadcabcaddacdd
ddadbbddbcbcabddcdacbcbababdaacbbddddbbadbaaadcacddbbbcabaacdbcdadabcbcdcbbdadacdddaddbba accbabacbdcdbdcbaabcddbbbdbadbcdbbdcadaabbdaddcdccacbdaccccccaddccbcbdbbbaadacacaa
abddcdaddcacacacbddcbaacaadcbcbbdbbbacbabbbaddadadccadbcbababacdadbcdaccddbacbabaaddabbbabacacbdbab adddccdcdcbabababbbccdabbbdbcaaacbbaaaadababbcdbcdbcbdcdacacbbcbdbabddddbbbdbaadbacbccbaacdcda
dcbacccbdddadabadccaaadddccbbbdcbbccbdaacaddbbbdaadddaaccaadcbcaddabdbdccaababcdaacbcabccd bdcccdccdabadcabadddadaccdbddccdaadcadbcbdcaabccbdabbaaaacbdccdddadaaabddacdbbabbdbad
dbbacabccbacbcadbdbcdaaadcdaacabadcabadcabcdcbbdbadabdcbdbdccaabddccadddadaabadcbabbcbcaacadbcdbaba babbabaabcabaccbbddabbaddcddccddadacbacabbbacbdbadaccaaadcaccdcadacccadcdbccccdabbddbdddcc
acddcabadbdcddabaabbadadabbcddaadaabaddaadddbdaabcbbbbcdbccaccabcaabbabdbdabdcbdbbabc caaaacdababaabccbcaadbdbdaadbcccaabacbbacabdccddcaccadaacbcbcddadacacdcdbdcabacbacdbacccabcbaabaa
ddabdabdacbdaaadccaaacacbcaadaddbcbcdccacacdbcaadbdaaadbaabdbdababaddaaacbbaabbabd aabcddbaaaaabacdcbacbadbaacbcddaabbabadcbacdcacaddbaabbcbdadaadacccdcbdcbadabadb
cddcdbbcadacdcbcdddacdbbbaccadbdbaadbdbcbbcddcdcbcdaabadbdcdcabbdcbddaabbaccaddaccddccc cdcabbaabcccbdcbaccadcccddbdbadabddcdcbccaabdabdcdacbddddbaccbabdcaccacbbaaccadcaabc
adaaaccabdccaabbaadbddbbaabaaaacdacabdadcdccadcdaaccabdbcbacadbdaabbdbacacbddadaccddcdddcdbcdcdc adbdbdddbbabcbadabbbccbdacdabcdccddacdcbabbacbcdcdabaddaddcccbadbbbaddaaabdcdcccdabdbaaccadddc
dabbabbcbadabaccbaabdbbdabcbacbddbbaaaaaccdcbaacdadaddbdbcbdccddbdbbbabcaccbcbbabcbabcad cacbcdccdaddcbcddbcadcbbbdbdcabcabccacddbaabcbacbbdddcddddbbcaadccccbcccdddcbadadbddbdbddcbdbaccb
bdacdabadaacbcabccadcdaaabbbcbadaccbdccdbbcbcbddbadcbbcbcaddacdabbdaabcdabadccbcacdcbdbcc bbccdcadbadacdcbabbcdcbcadacbaabccbaabaaddbccdbadcaaacbbbaadcadbcbcbdbaadcabcadaadbb
ccbdacbdcaaccccbbccbdaccdcdbbdbaaccccdadadbaddddcadddccccaacddbacbdccbccdbbadcababbccda aaabadabbdddcccbbccaddcdabacdbddddbdbdcbbbcbadbaaadbdbadcabbccbcadddbccbddaddbaddaccccacddca
ddbaaabccaadcdbcaadbcbacbddbccaacbcacacdaddbbccbaaabbccaacaaacaddccbbddabadadaddcaaaaad cddcdaccaacadbcccbbbcccdcdaadbabcbacddcbdbbcadaddaadbcbabdbbcbccdcddabacbabacdaaaccbbdabbd
cddbacdbbcccbaadabddadbcbaaccccdcbdbcbacdbcddacaaadbbabddacacaccaccddccabcbccbcddaaadbacabbc dcbccaacbaacbddbbcdcdbcccadabccadcdbbcccdbdbbdcdbdcdcbadadddbacadacdbadcdabdbbbbdddcdbdcacccdbbdb
babacbaacdbcbccaccadbaadcaddbbabcddaaacddbacddbbdaccdacabdcbbcbbdaacdadcabbdaadddbabddbddcbcdcabadd caaaabbbcbdddcdacdcddcbbbaddaacdbaabdbcccaddcbcbaccddaacdbcdabdddbacddacacbdadddcccbddaabdbc
bcccbdbbaadcbdcaacbadbcccababcabbacdbcacddcddabcaacdbcdcbadacbdddbabdcabbaccdbacbda cbbbadbadcddadbabdccdbaaccdbdadbbddacbadaabdddbcacbbddcabccdddbaabbbddbdadcccabaabbd
abcadbaddccddcccbcdccabacbcdaddadbbddaacdbbcdadccaacbababbbaadbadcaabcabcdbccdadddaa bcabbdadaacabdccbbadaddbacdccbaadbbcabdbcabcabddcacdbadadbcbdbaaadcbcbbadacddcdadad
cbbdbdcddddcbdaabaddacbcaabbddacdcccacddacdaccdbbcacbacdbcddacdbbdcdaabcacbdbaddaacacabdbbcbddcbad bccacaaaddddcbbcdbaadbcbabbadbdcaccccbccaccaddbcbcacaabdbaddcbbbabcaacbabbaadaccbcabbadab
cbcaaabdcbbdcccaccdbbccbdccacddbbcdcccdadcbbacdacddbacbcdbbddadaaacdddccadddcbdccabb caaaddcacabcdbbadccaaadddddccbbbccddcdaccaadaccddbaaabccbcadacbacccabccaaccbcaaccdbcbaa
abcccccaaccacbaadabcddddcdcdbaacdbcddbbcadcbdadcdabbbcaddcdaadcdcaadbcaacbaacdbdadbdcdcddcbdbaad bbddacabbcdaccababcbcbdbdacdcdcadbcbadddddaabcbbbdbdcaccdababbacbaaccadcadabcddadaabababbabd
dcaaaacbbaaaccaadcaccbdcccddbaacbabdddcbadccdadcabcabadbddbbdbddbddbcbdbdcccaadddbaabcddbcccadadb bdcabbdcdadadbadbbdaabccaadcdacdbdcdcacbdbbbadcaabdddaaadacddddbbbdacbdcbcbaccba
abadbbadbdcdababaabacccccdbbccdbcaccccccbbbadcabdabaaddbdaadbdddcdadabacabbdbcaa baccbaccbbcbaaabbcaacaabccdaaddacdbdbcdacbdddaabdaddaabbdaabcbbdcbaddbabcbcccbccdcbad
ddbdbacdbcadcacbcbdbabddddcdaddabaabbddadbabdcdadbcbdddbccadbabacdbccdabdbadabdaaadbcacbaad abcacdcddadccbacddbbccaaaabbcaaabcbabadcdadbccbbcdadbcddaabdcdbbdbabbbcccbaadacbbbaaabb
bbabacaaccacbaabbdddbaadadbdbbaccbcdbbdbaabaaccaabcacaaabdddddcaabbbbcabdbaabcbaabacdaabcaac abaadcacaabbabaadcaacadbbddbbdddcaddbcabacdbdcacccbaacddcaccbaaadbaccbcbdbadacabcddb
ccccdbbdabbcdadcbdcbcacdaacdbcdcbdbbccacbccacbacdaddcacddccbbbbbbadacadaddcdbcdbc bbdabdbdadbbbdcbdcdbacbbbdbccdaaadbdaadacaacaddbdcabacadadcdadcdcabacccdbddbcbbbdbddddcdddbcdadbc
abacdbccbabccdcadccaacbdaaaddaddbaaabcdaadbbbcbbbddcdbdbcabaccdccdddccbcacacccadbcbdd acdbbabcabaddacacdddddccbdcadbadcabaacaacccdcbdabbdcbbabaadabbcdccabacbaaacabbddbbbcbabbcbc
cdacabacbdaaadaaaacbcadaadaddaacbadcacaabdabdbbddbdccbcccaabbdcacbdddadabcadcbadcdabc daddbaccbdaadbcabdadcadbbdccaacabaccbcbcadbadabbdabbadadbbbbaaccdcadadbdcccdadacbbccbd
cbbddbdacbaaadbbcccbdcddbcabdadacdbaacdadbdcbdccacdacccbdbbdbaccddcaadbaaddcbdbaaacdbcbbbcdbcddbbc babcbadcdbddbacacacbddcdddcaadadccdcadbbdadccdaabbaabddcaaccbbccbcacbcdcdadbbcbdbcabbcdbada
acdbbddbbcadbabcbabdccaddcdbbabdbddbdbbaaaddbbbbabbbaaacbdcdabbcdddbabbacaccdcbcacdd acdddaadbaaadbbcabaadbdcddcbaccbdcbaabccacbadacdccdbacbbcacbccccdcdcdbbbacabaabdaddaadabadcdccaabc
bbbcaccacccbbcadacdbcbcbccbcccbadbdbbcacaabadadadbcabcdbcabbddaaaaabcabcabacbbcca adcabcaaadcadababbbadbddacdbbadcadbaacddccbbdcbcacaaaccbcdbddbccdbcbadcdacacbcddccdddbcbddaadaca
dcbacbdadacadccbadbacbdaadaaadaccabdbccbcccccdcacddbddabcbdbaaaadacbadddadccbaabbbdabaabddcbdbcdcb bbbbbacccbbcacddabcbaacbbdaccaaddacbaaadccbbdcdbbadbddcdcbcbbcaadacdbdaadbccbcbdbdbd
cdaadabddaaacdaccbbcbbdcbadaddddccccaaaadaccddaadaddadcddbdbaadcdcccdcdaccdabcdcbcbaaabccbabd dacbccdccddcacbddcbcaacdbdbaddbcacbdbbcbdbdcbccbcacdbcbdabaacbccacbbcaccdcdccaccccdcb
bccbdcccdbccdaccdddcabdabdabbacccabdabbabdccdacaaddcbbcaacbcdacbabcaacadcababddcabb bdbccbcdcbaabcdabacadacbcddaaabcbcbcdaaadabcccadddcacbbaddadadddababdddbacbccdadcdcd
cdcdcadcdcacabdbcbbbddabaddbddaadadcbdbbaddadcdbadbccacdcbddccbadaccdcdbacdccbaacb aababbadbddbdcbbbbbabcdccdcbbabacaabbaaacadaadbacccbbbadaacaccaacbdaaaddcddbcaccdadac
dcbbcaaadbaaddacddbaddccbaaacddcdbddabaaddaddacdcdbdbadaaaababcbccadabdbcdaabdcbdaabbdbdaddc cbcdbdbadbacbbbbcaccbaaccddaddababbbbdccdccbdabbbbddcaabdddadbcbabdbbbdccddbddbdaddbaabdddcdccbaca
cdccbdcadadccbbccdcdcdacbccdbaddbbbaddbbcbcadcbddcbcbcdabccdddbacadbbdccbaaacccadcbb dbacaaadbcdaddbaccddaababbbbddbdbcabbbccbadbacbacdcacbabcbaabcbdbcbccaaacdacccabddacccd
dddabbdbbbcbcbacadbcdadccadbdbbbdabdcadbccaacabdcbdacbbacbcadcdbcacacaacbadcdbcdcccabbd cddcabaadaaabccadbddddaaabdbccabdbdadcbcbddbaccddbcddadbdcadbadddddcbcadcbdddbbbbc
bbbddcadabcadaccbbcccadaabacdbcddccacdcaddcddbabaddcbabdbccbadabadccccdddaabadcdcadcbabcdadcabccba baddbdbbdbabaaccbadbbccccacdbddbcccccbcadbdaabcacdcdadbbdcaaaabcdcaadcbdcdcbdabdbdd
acacbacdcaccdcbaacdbacccdbcccaadadcdbbbdabccadbadacdbabbcbbcbdcdadbcabdaabcbababcdaad ddabddaddaccbbadcdbdbcdadddbbdaabccdaacadaddcadbabdcabcdccbbaccbccdacddbcdcacccabaaaabbc
aabdbdccbcccadbbdddccabcbabddbcdbcccacacbdbcdcbddcaadbcccccbaccacdcadcdcdddacdabcadacdcbb dcbcbdaaddddcdbcaabdbaccadadcdddacabadadbaddacbbbcbbabcbaadabcabdddcdbbcddadacabc
adadcaddcdabcdcddabccddacddbbdcbdacabcdbccadbadaaaadcacabacbccddcaacbcdbcadbaadadabdddddddaccaaccb aacaacddddbcabdacdddaccadacbadcadbcaaddacbdbadadacbabdadabdbbdcbcaccabbddbdacacdccccadabccbadd
cdcadcabddaacdadcbaaccbbbadbaacbbdbccbddbaccdcddcadbbbdcabbdadacdaccbdbacbaadcaaacbbabbca cadacdabcabdaddbbdacacacadaddadaadddcacacdbcbcbbaccdaccdaacbdabcbdcbaacdbacdbccc
accdadbcdcbabdaaadaccbdbaabaddadcdcdabddbcadcaaabcacbbbaccadbbbddabbccabbcdddccadacba cbacadccabbabcdbdcdbcabadcbcabadaacdadabaabbacdcbccadcbdcbaacbbdcaacbaccbcdbbacaba
dcaacdddacaaaccbadacbdcacbdaadddbdbaddaabdcddacbcadbcdbdcccaacbacaabdbbaadbdabcdbbdbabcac abdcbbcaccbacdcabdcadadddbabdaacbdbdabaddcbcccbbbaababcdaadaadbdacbcbdddccbcdcabddcadbadbdcdadbcbad
ddcdacaacbadbbbcbbbdccdacbaadbadbaacddbcadbdabccdcbaddbcbdccbdbdbbbcaccaaccdccbcdbbdbbcaaabcbbc bbbdcdacaddbbbcbccbdbbbbabacbbababbbbdcbbbaadccdcdabbbbdcdcadcddaadccaddddbadbcaabcaccbbbabd
cdcadbcbaaabaadcbcddaaabbdccdabacdbdcdcbacaacccadbbacababbccbbabadbbadbaaadacddabdbcdadbbdcbbaddca abddddddadaacdbbaaadacaadbabaacbcccdccadaaadbbdcaadcbbcccababdbdddcdddbabdadbdabcacacaab
adddbdbdacbcdbcbbabbdadaacdccbbdbdbcaacabaabccaddaddcdbbacbcbdadcaadcdcddaabaaddadccadcbabccccabbda acbcacbbdaccadbacdbdababbbabbacaccaaaadaccdbcdabcaabbdccdbbdcacabccbcabcccadadabcbaaddbcc
bddcdbbccacbdbbcdbcbdaccbbabdaddbbbadababadcdadbcdcddcddcccabbdcbadcaaddaddcbabcbadcbcddaa babaddccacbcaaabdbcbabdadaabbbcaaabcbbccadbdadbbdbbdabbbbbcbbdcaddddaaddddaabccccddc
ccbcabcbdccbcbbdccbbdcbaddbbacacbcdbaddddaaadadaaacdbdacaacdbbadcbbdcbabbddabbabcbbdacbbdddcbabba ddabdcdaddabddcdabbadababadcbcddabbdaabaccccbddaccdbaaaaaadadaaadbbadbbdbaddaddcbcbacabccbacadbbd
bccbbcbbdabcacabbbbadcbcadbcccdbbcbbdbccabbcabcacaaacdaaaabbcaaabdbabdaabbcbacdbaacaadaddbccadc bdcacccaaaabcbcdcbcabadbacbcdacbbdadcbabddbbbaddadccbacdddbdbdbccbccdbcaddccbdcaaadbd
aaadbccbbcbbddadaddcadcacdcdcdacdbcbdacdbaacbbdbaddaaaccadcbbcdcdcbcddabccaabacbdac bcdadaddacaaabdbbabcdaacddbdccdbadccdbbdccbdbacaddcbcddadabcdadcbabcacddaaadbacaabccbadadcbddbbb
dcbcbababdccabbdbbdbabdbdbbcddccabcbabaaccadcbbdddbbcdccadbccbcdacdbdcddcdbdcbacabddbaaccadbdc bdaadaddacdbdabddbcabaaddbbdcacaacdbbcbaaccddcaabdcbaaaaddbcbcacabababcddbbcbacacdb
daaddbdcadccccdacbcbbcacbdcaddddadbbdabadacadacaaadbcababddbdccbccccaacbdbabdcabbdbadcbbaabdbbcaad baadcddcbaadabbdcacdbcbadcddcbbaaaababcbcabbcdbbddabacddcbcadcabcabbdbaacdbbbcadacabbcdccadc
dcbcdcaacccddcbcbaaccdddbabaabaccabadbbcbabdaccddbddbcbcacbcbcdadcdcdddbadaaddbbcbdb aabcbddcaccdddaadcdbbcdbadabbbbbaaaddccaadcadaccbccbdccacacdbdabdadbbbcbaaabcdccdadbacaddd
dcdbbdabadcbcdadacbdacccccdcadddccddcbabaadcbcdbcabcccbdbdcbbacbdbbcaabbaabcddacbddd cbdadabbbaaccbcbaddcabcbadccabddabcdccdadcbbaccdcaabcbcaadadcbbddbbacacdacaabbaacaacaccdbddad
aabdacbcbbbbbababdcdcbcabccbdaaccbdbacccbdddbdabddbdcddcbadbcbdbbacccaccdaaacaacddc bbdbabaadcbaadabcabcdcabcdccdbbddadbcbaaabcccadcbcbbbbbacbcbdcadbadbadcaadbcbcbcdbcbabdcac
accddbbacadbadaabaadaccbadaddaacccdbbadcaaccabdcaaadbbdaadacacdbdbadbacabbcdcdbbaadbda cdbcaabcbabcccaaddddadbbbacbacaccaaccbbbaabdbbcbabbcddacaababaadabaaddbdbadccaacadd
aabcdccabddacccdbbadbbbbcaabdadccadcccdabccccdcdbaccbabcbacbbddbcbbcbbabccdbcacdbcccad cbacbddbabbcdcbdcccdcbbdabdacabaadbbbdbaadcdbbcacccbdadcbcdccbbdacabccbccadbbcdaccbbcbdccd
ccaabaddaadadddbacbcdcaaacdcdabbcaccdbaadbcddbddacbcbaaccadbcbdddabaaabbdbcbdcaccbcadacacadaa ccacaadcabaddddaadaccacddccbaaddabdadccacbcbdbbcaddbbddbacbacaadacbccacdcbcaadbaddcc
cbcadcdddcababcbaaccaccacccdbcbbdabccdbccbdddcbabcbbcbcaaaadcdcdbdccaacdddcbbdcbabbbbbadbdabd cbcbdbcbcdcabbbbbabdacbcbbaaccdbbabaabcaaddbbcbadaadddcbddabcaadbcdcbbdbcdbbdadbbcabcabcacaaccbaadd
cdaddbdddadaacaccbaddbdaaacacdcbbdaacbdaababacccdbdccdacdadadcccdaadddadcbabaaccacbcadbbbaadca aadcbbdaabddddabdcaddbcbabdababccaadabdddadcabdbdcbabaaccdcbcdddcccddaabcbcaacdabaaaacdbacbabdbcdc
daaaccbabdbabaacadacddcdbcbbababdaaacbdbcabcccdbabccabdccbbdbaabdadcddbbadcbbcddda dddaddbaccbccabbdbdabdabdbaacadaacbdbaacdaaabdabddbadbadadaaaabaaacbdbaaadddabcdbdbdcaabadcabd
dbdabdcbbabadcbcbddacbbbabaaacdabacaacaaaddbdacabcdadabbacabbdcadbbdbcaacccdbaabcacdb cdbddadaacadbcaacdcbdaabdbcbbcdcabcaacbdbdcacaaabdaaabdbddaabbdcaddbcacadcbbddabaabdacbabcababda
ddacddbbacdcabbbdcbbbdbbcdbaaaccabbdbdbccccadccadaaddbcaaddccdbdadcddddcbbabcbbacbdbbbd abdbcdcbdcbcbaadbddccbdbcbdaaadbaacabbbabdbbcddacaddaadabadbcbbcbdccccdabddadbcddaaabb
cccacdcdaddcccdcbbabbdaccdbcadaabcaacdcbadbbaabcddccaabdccdcbaababdbbcccbcabbcaabbdcd cbbcdcbbaabdaaacccdbbcabdbdabdababdcbdbddbcacdbccabdbcaadbaabbdbccbaddcbbbbaabcccdadbbbccadbb
cddadaaddbdadbcabcdbacdbbdbcbbaaaabdaabdaddaabccbbcbdbccdddcdbdccbccbcbbdccddccccadcbcadabc ddadadacddadbcdccaddbacbdabcbdbabaccbabcdbbdbcdaabcaaadabbaacdccbbcdcabdddbabdbcbccbbaadcbabdcbc
abadaccabcabcdcdcdcddacdcdbcbcbdadcbbdbaabcbdadababbccdddddbcbbbddbcabdbabdaababbccadcacbabdabbccdb cddabdbdadccabcbbbddcbbbddbacdcaddccbcbddcacacccccdbdbbbdbdcaaabdcadcbbdbdbcbdcaacbcadacdbac
abcdadaddcabdcbbaaddabbdbaabdcbabddcbcbdabbdbcddbbdcaadaaacababbbdbbdcbbbcaaaabcb abcbbbbbdacbbcabcdadcacdaadccdcccdadbcaaadbadacbbbccadbddacbaddabbbbaccdcccddcdcdbacbddacddabdaca
cabbdccdbaccbbbcaddbbadcdacacabcbbbddbcacacddbacbbdabcaabaddcbddcddbdbbacbadbdbcaacbcdcacccdd dbcabcbbabacccbdcccdcdabdddaacddaacacbdcaddbabddbbcbbddbdabbaaaabcbcbaccadbcccbc
bcdcdcddabdacbacbcbcdacbbbbaaccadadacacbdcdababbdddcdacadbacacaabddbdcadbaadccaddcdacdbccccab dcdbabdbccdbbbbaaaaccbbbabccccdbdddacccccacdddabcacaaadccaaccabacabdcbaaaccacacbbbacbabadabcdba
daccdbdaccbbcbddadcdcbddacddcbcdbcdbddabbbdbbbcbacdbabacbcbdbcddbacaacddccbadbdaddbcdacddbbb acdcdbddddbdbbaabcbbaaddabddacacacdbbddbabbcddcccdbcbcbcacaacaccbaccacaacabddacadacaadacdbacdcaba
adabdadaccbdbdcbccddcbcbdcbbccacaddcaadacbdcabbcaadacbddabadbcdcaabcbcdacddaabdcaddcbbcbbcbcbbacbbc acaabaadbddbacaaaadcbcdcbdbdcbbaacddabccdbdcdbdcbaaccdaacddcabadbdabdabcccbdbbdddacb
ccdddbcbcbbaacdabddcdccbadabdadbcbddbbcbcbbccaaccdaaadaacdaabdcbbbabacdcaacaccdcdcbd ccacbbadadddacbcadaccccadcacdacbcdacabaaadabdabbccabbbbbacdbbaddbbcdacaacbbbadcbaccdaaaacaaaaabaca
bcbcdadacabcdccbddabccdbdaabddbbbabddbcdbdcbbdaaabaacbaabbcaaacaacdbacbbbcabdddacadcddbacc bbaacdbcbdcdabdbddbaaabbdcbbabadaacdbdabacadddaddabbcacbbcbbabdadcbdcdbbcbddbbaacbcdbbabdaacccdacaa
bcbbdabdbcbcdadcadcdabdddcaccbcbcbdcdabacacdadccccdbaaaabccdcaddcbddbdddadbaddddbc bccbabcbbadbbaaadacacdaccccdcbdddbacaacdaccdadbcaabcbccbbaaabcaadbacdcaccbbccbccbbbdcdacbaacddc
dcbdcddbcbbbcbbacaaadbbbdcbbccaacabaccaaccabbbbddcabcabbbbadccbadadbbabdcabadbabcd cccbdddcbacdcabbadcadcdbcddadbbddbbdbcbcaabddddbbbdbbccddabccccaaaaaaaaadccbdbcabcbda
bbbdbbabaccacdcaddcbcbbcdabcbdbcdadacabcddcbbbadcacabbdaddabcdddcbacccbabcacdadccb dadcdcbbbbcdbcddcbacddadbbdbcbdcbaabbcddcacdddbdaadbddccacddddacbadaacaccbdabbdbbbdccdac
adbdaaccbcbcacbabdbacdabdadbdbaabddbbaabdddcabccbbcaaddccdbbcbccccbdacabdcaccdcbbbcccdcbbaa aabbabacbacdabccdcbabbacabacdcadacddbdbccbaadbcadbdadabacaabbdabdcbdacdadcbacbbdbcca
bddadcadcdababbbbddadbaabddbcbccccbabcccdddbcaddaadddbcaddccdcdccaabaaadcacabcddaa dccabcaccadbccdcbccccabddbbdbaccadcacbbcacaadcabacaacdadaadaadadbabbcdaacaccbbddbddbcbcbdbdaabcb
accccbaccbcddcbabbdcbaabdddbdadbcaacbbcccdaaaabccdcbdadadbcccbdcdabddbbcdcadbcacbbdccdbabad ddcccdbdaddbdccdbacdbddddbdadcbdbabbadcccccdbbbddaddacccacbbbbabbabbbcdbbcdbbdbca
acdcbbcccdbbddbdaadacbdaadbadbdaadbbcdacdbcdddbcacdbbcabcdbbbabdbbcdabadcabaddbabbcddbdddadbbca dbdcccdbbcacdaaadddacdbabdbddadbadbabcccddbaaadbbcddbcadadaddcaadcccabcaabacdcdcdbb
caabbcccdbddcbccabbdabccbdbadbccbcdbbbdacccbbcdcbbdbdcaacbabdbccbdacddabdbdcbaccdbaadcaddbbabccba daabacbaccadcccdacddacbaccaddcaddbddccbcacbacddbcdbabddaabdcadccaacbccdbbdcdcbcbaccbb
bdbacccaadddabbababaadbdccbdaadbbacbddbadcabcddddababbdaacbaaaccbdbbbadaccdacbcabccdadaabccccd caabbbccdbcbdcbcbdbacabdccbaccaacbdcbdacdcdddadcaddcabbabcbcdddbdaabadbdbdcabaccadadaaab
dbcadbababadcddadadabacdccaacbacddccbaddbbbdddacccbdbabbadcadbabbcbaaaaabccadadbcccbacdbadbaaaabab dbddaccccabbdcdaabcbaabcbabbcbcabbdbdbdabcddbdddbbdcbaccaddcdcbbbccddacaaabdccaccdadacaadababb
abdbabcadbacaaadcccbbabdcccabcabcdbbacaabdcdbbabaadbbbbcdabbbcdcdbaacbbdaabbdbaabc cacddbcdcaabccaacadabbdbcddaaaabdabcacbdaaadabcbcbcdbabcbcdbdcbcccbbaabcbcbaacabcccbc
cddcbdbabcbadabababdbbadbddcabbabbcaadbbbcddcccabcadccccbaaddbabbacddacabcacdbdadccddbcadaaacda dbbabbbccbddbbdddcadaaacdddcbccacbbcaabdaaaccdbadbbdcccdbababdbcbdbaacadcaadadbcbdd
ababcbdacbadacccdaadcbbccaadcaabbacbddcbbbdadbbaabdacaccbadbdbabdabccccabdabdddbadbbca bddcddccadbccaadbaabcddcdbacdcdcababacddabdbcdadbbccbdcbabcdbddcbcbcbabaaacaccdbacccddadacadaa
dadccbacbdbbabdcbbbbcddadcbdcabacdcbbbcadbdbaddbbacbbdacdbbcdaadbdbdbacccaacccdddddddadbdacdabdcacd ccbbadacabcbcbcaacacbccbcabaaadbabdcbccbaadbdbdccdddcddadbacbddcacacccbaaddcbbbacccdabcadabaa
aacbaaacbcbadadacadbbddbaadbcbbaaacbaabdbbcccbdcdacacdaccdccbcaddccadaaabdaddddbcbbdbbddbdadbc aaaabddbdbbcbdbacdbabcddaaaaaddadadabdababbcbccbdcabbdacddcbaaddddccdbcccdcbdbadbdcabbbdabcc
bdacccbddacbbccadcddacdccbaddacddadcdaabddbacbbdcabaaacaaacbdbbdbaadcdcccbdcabbbc dacbcdbcdbbcaaabcbadddabbcbcdbbbbdaabbbaddcdbbdaacccdaaddbbadbcbccdddcdcdcdaaaaddcbcdc
bcbbabccbddbdcdccabbacccbaddcaadcdaaddcacadadcaccdbaadadcbdacdbbacdbcddbdcaabbdaddbcdc dcacadacbccccdbbbbcbaabcdadcadbdcbbabaddabcccdbddabcdbaacaabccbcacbdcabcbcbdacbadcaabcbd
dddabaadaaacccbcdcccbbdcdbdbbbadbacbbcbbbacabcbaaaacbcadcbdbcadcaabaddacbdccbbdbaaacaddb bcadacaacbaaaabbbdbbccbbdadccbdbdadacdaabdcbbbacbcccdbddbbdcdcbcdaddbaabbbcaccdacbbacbcbcc
cbadbdccdcbacaaaacabdcaacababacdcadcaccbdddabababadddaadddccadabaadddcadabbcbbadcaaaddd cdbcbdadcacdabccbcdcdbcdcaacbdddddabddaadcadbdbccdbbacdccdaadaadbaaacdadbbdaacbcdcdaddccda
bacacbbabadcacddcbabcbaaddccabacabcdaabcbbccbbaccbccabdcacbdcdbdcdadaacdaabbdccbabacadcdccbaccbac adabcbbcdacbaccabaccaabbbbcadaccbbaccbcadbadaaadabccaaddcdccacbbdcbdbbcbbdaabddccbbdcdc
bbcaccdcbbcaddadaabbdabdaaadacddaabdbdaacddbdcabbdcdabdcdcddacccdbbdbcaabacbcabbdccabbbdacadcba abcccdaadaccaabdccdabddacdabdbcabbcdbacacbaddcadcbcabacdddaabddaabddacaacaaaacdccbbd
aadcbbcbaadbbbcaadddbbcddacdadadcdccdbbbcbaddbcdacccbdaaddaaadcabdccdbbaacdcddcbb bdddbaadcbbdabbacbcddccdbacccbacbaaccccdccdaaaabcdcdbabddbabddabbadbbbddbbbbcddbc
abadadddaccbddccbaabaccdbbabdcadcdadddbbbadbaccbdcdcbdaddcadcddbcbdacdcdcdddabccacddabcdd cdbcadbbbacabbddaabbadcdcccdddccbdbaddbddcdddbaaadbbcbdccbbbddddcbbcdcbdcddbdacacd
bbbccddcbbacddabcaaccaccccbbddabaccabbadbdabbacbdaaacbbdaaaccaadddbbbdccaaaacbbccdabbadacc addcdabdbcbbcbbabccdbababcccacddbcaddaccccaabdacbabdccadcacdcadbddbdcdddabbadadbddbaaa
adcdabbaaccdddddaabbbdddcabbbabbbdbcbadabcbdddcbcbbdbcbdacbbcbbdbbacbcdbdaabddbbddbdbbdbdacaa abdcbaacbddaddadbbdbccccdcdcacdddcbdadbccbacdccbadddacddaacadaddddacadbbbccbbdcdca
dadcdacacdbcbacdadbaddbadaaaadabbbadcaaaabacadcabbcbdcdbadbdcccccddbddddbdaacbbbbbccadaddcacb cadbabddbacbcbabbcdaaacbcddbcacacabdbaabcbdacbadadcbddbadabbdcccddcbadbacbccdbdcabd
dbccabbdabdbadacccdadddcdabcbccdddcbcacbdcdcbdaddcdcbbadcbbacdadbddccdacabdddbdbdccdaccabbcccda aaaadcabbdccbbddababcbaccbdadbacdacbbcaacacdbbccdabaddcabbcdbcaacadbcbabcaaddbdacbaaadcaaadcbc
dbcdcadddacdcbbdbbaddbacadcaabcdabdbdaccdabdbadbaaacbaaaacacddbcccccadaaccdbaaca caccbaabaabaaadaadddbddcbaacacdabaddcabdabadacbdcddabcabbbdbcbdbbcccdbdccaacaddbadbaababdddbacad
bcdcdccadbbbcbadbcaccaabcddcdbbccdbdcdcbbdbdccaaacdbdcdddaccbadcdcadabbabbdaacdcc dadacadbdbcbccdabcabbccddcbdbbaabacdbbbcaaaabdbaddbdcacdbddbcdcadcadbdbddcddcaacdcdbbbadcdbdd
ccdddddbababcacaccadbbbcbaabccdcdbcacabddaddcdcadccaadddbabbabacaacbcbbcbdaaacbddaddab dcabcbcdbbaacbdabadcabddcbbadbdddadccacdcbdadacbcccaabbacbcccbaaccdcabbcacabadbcccaabdadbdbcadaa
cbdbabcccbaaacbbadcbbbddadbaadaacaccadaddabddacacccdacaaadbdbccbdadcbacddbbddbcc aaabbcdbccbcdcbabababcbdbbbadcbdaddcdbbcbbcacabdcccbcbcdacaadbddbdaaabaabcabaaadcaacddcbdacaa
abdcbcaacacdabaccabaccdcdcbaaccabddacbcdcddabdcdaaabcbcccacaaabcccadccaacdbbcddccbcbadcdbda adbaacbdbaadbacbcaacddcbcddbacbadaccbbcbcccaadbaacccdddbbdcbbcdabcbccdadbdcccbabcbdadbccaba
babcdcbbacaaccdcdccbcdddabaccbcdbbccbbbdbcbcccdbcbddbaaccdcacbdbdcdcdcddbadbbcdbbdacaaadcbbbaccaa bbbaabcaadcdbcbaadbcdababdccddbcaaddacdadbccabbddbbadbcaabbdabacacabdcddbcacbdcdcbc
bccdbdddaaaaabbadcdacdacbdbcdacbabdbacaacbadaadabbbbcabcaddcdabbdadadcdcdbbbdbdcbbadbdaacbdbdcbdad cacabdbdbabbcaddaabaaacbbcabadbbbbcabdabcbdbcccabadbbcdbbdbcadddccbdbcbdcaacdacccbbd
accbccaaddbccadcbbddabcdbcabddbdbbabdbcaccdaaccdcacadbcccdadcbaccdbbdcaabdbcbdabba bbdcaddaddddbcaccaddcccbcadcaabacaccdbdadbaadaabcdccbdbbdbcdaaadbdbdcbbddaadcaacbcabbd
adcccdccbaadbacacdaadaabccbcbdaddcccbacddbdbbcdaabbdabbddaacbdccbadabdbddabcbdddabdbbdaddddbdb dbbacbdacbccbaabaacaadbadadabdabacddbbddbddaacaadacbcadddaccdaabbdadaabacbadbcacccda
dccccacabcaccdcdbbdbbaadabdbbdbabbbcbbdadabacadccbbcbddddbbccaccacaaddcbccbadabccbcbabdbacdcaac ddcaaacacbcdaabdbdaccabadbaaabaacbaddaccddadcbbcabdaadaabaaccaaaccdabadcacdacddabdbcddcbbb
abdbdabbbaaaacabcacddabacadcdbdccacdbdccbdabdcaccabddadbabdcbabbcdcaaabadabbbbaddcbddcaddbbccdab cadaacabdbbcaacdccdcaaaaadacccbaddbabcbdbabcdaacddbdbabcdaabbccdacadbabcbadddaaadcbccbabdcacddbbdd
dacbdabadaabaddbadabaacbacbbddadaacbbdbabbcababccbdbbdbcbdacbbcabdaacabdbabcbdbdbc cdbbdbbccdadcabcaaaaaddcbcbabdbcaaddaaacabadbbddcdbdbacdcdbdbddccdbdbbbcdcbcdaacddb
badadaacaddcacddbbabcbdccccadbbabcddacaabbbcabcabbdabababcbbdacdadadaddcdaacbcaddddabbcbdaabdac dbbbbacddbadbddcbaaaadbbaccaacbdcaacdbadadbadacbdccbacabdbccdabbcbdbbddcbbacddcbdcabbdb
aacdacadadbbccbaddbbacacdbcaacbdbcaccdbacbdcadaacbabcacddadabbbddaaacccbbbacaadacbadaddcdadc bacaaaddcccbdddadaacccdcbadbcdddbcacadbaccdcbbbccaaccdadcddcdabdbbddadaabaaababaddd
ababcdaabddacbaacdaccaccbbdaacbbdbdddcdaddccdbbdbbbcacbaddabbcddaacddcaadcaabdababbcb cadcdbbaccaddbacdadcadbdcbaadbdaadcbdccbccddcdbbddcaadbabaadbcacbbbdcdccaaddbdbcdbbabddcabdbbbbcb
dabcbacbdaddccacddabacbdcaadddccbaabdccaddcbdbbdccbccadcbbcaaccbaddcbcbbcdcccaddccdbbbddcdcc cbdacbaabddadababbbbcdacdcbbddcbddbaadadbaaddacbaacabcbddcbcbaaacacbddccbcccacdbdd
baabbcbdaddbcccabbadbbbcdaadddbabddbdcbcddccbccbddbccdbcabccacbbababadcdbaadbcddbddaddabbcb bdabdcabbbdbcabdacddbadadacabcaabccccdccadccbcacbdaabddabdddbdbaaacdabcabbbaddcadbbddcacddd
ddabdcdbcdcccdcaabadbdaadcbcbbbddcaddccacacacaacdcadbabbabdababddcdbcddcdadabcaddaddb daadaadbbadddaaadddddddaaabdbaacccbcdadadabcabadacccaddabddccbbabcddbddcabcddcbaadca
daaaadcddaccbabdbaacbbdcaccdabddcbbbdcaddcabcdbdbabdcadcbdaabddaacbdbcdadcdbbbbdbccccaac acbaadaddcabcdadaaacdbdcbbabcddccdacdcbbbccbdbdaabdddbbbaaccbbdaaaddbaadccbdaabadbdbbcbbdbb
aabcbdddcbdcaacbcbacdbacbbccadccccbdcccddbdccddbdaaaddabacacacdcccbbacbbddbadbabcbaddccccadabdba bacacbbabdcbcddddddbcacbdadcbadcbcdbccaddbabbbacccaacbcbabdaccdbccddddcabcbaaaccdadadcdabd
bbbbadaabbdadadbabaadbcacddcbabcccbdbaccbddbdbabacbbaccbccdbcdabdabbdbbadbacddaacb cabbbcbabcdaddcddcabdaabdccbdcadbdbdcdcadacccdbacbcccccaaacbbdbcbbcccdacabdbbababdaa
adaaabacbbbcdcaadbbdacbdacbbcddbccdbbdaacdbaadadadcaaccbcabaacaadabadcaccaccbcdabbcbdcdbbbab bcaacdbdbccdcabbcbbaaadcaacbddbaccbacabcaacbbcdbaacdbbdcdabcbcdbdcbccabbdaacdacbadbbddaaaadad
dcdbccdacbcabbabdcbdbcbabbddadaccabbcbacbcbcddacbcbaccbccaaabddcaacbccdbacbadaacadabcbabdbad baddaadcddcaaddaaadcbcadababdbccdddbbaadbddaddabcaacddbcaaacdddababccdbacddcbcddacdbdbcddcbdacada
dcdbdbaabcbaadddbbcdacdacbbadbdcdccdbbabbaacbbabcaaddcadbcacbabdaaabdcbbcacdadcaadcaabcacbcdcadcdcc caacdaabdacbbdcacdddbdcbaadaaaadbccbadaadccddcbbcacaaadaadbdacdadccdcacbbdadcadac
bdccaaadddcadcbdddcabcadddcaadabbcdaababcbddcbadcbccccddccbdabbcdbaaddbadddabdbabdaabaccbdcbbbb bbcdddccbdadbacacbaadbbccbcccdabadbacbddbcdaaabacdddddaddabdbcbcddcbbdabbaccadccb
abaabcbcdcdacdbbdbadcbddccddbcbccababcbddcbcabbbbaaaabcadbcdcdbbcddabaaccadaacbddbabbbbacddb acadadddcdbdcaabbaabbbaacdbcbbaccbdcccdabbaddbaaacbdacddddcadbdddaddcddbbaadcbcbabbadbbcabb
bcdaadbdbcbbabacbabdcccbbcddbababdcbdcccdddddbdcbacbbbdddabbadadadbdabadbddcccbbacdb dabcdabcddcbbbacdcdccddcbcccaddcddbdccacdbdacbcdaacabcddaacbdacacbacbbacbbacbcdcadd
adccdbdaaacbbabadbdcabddbbcdadacabbbdcbcdbddbaacababbadcaccacaabddccabcdcbdaaacaccc adcdcbcaaaddbbabdccbcddddaaaabdaabdcdcdcacbacdabbdbacbaaaaaabccaabcdddbaacdaacaddbaaccdaabcadaddb
dcacccccbdbcbdddbcacdbcacadbaabbcbacddccdccdcaccbacaabccadccddbcdbbcbccbdbcbaddbcd ddccdbbbcbdabcdbcacdcbdbdaadccccaddaabccbbabbabdbbdcbbcaaaabbccabbdcabdaadababdcd
caabbccdaddbadbdaadccdacccbdacbadccdcccbbdabacaadcdcbdbddadadabbdabbabddabaabcbaaddabcbca cbdcaaaabdbcdddcacdbbdbdaddbbdadabbcadcccbadaaacdadbcadcaadbcdbcdddcacbdcaaddabdccaddaaac
dadabbaabdddccbdaabccdcbcdaaccabacbbaccaaaadbacbbdbdcdacdcdbabbaabcbbcacdacbcdccdacabcadaaaaaadbbdb bacdcbdabccddcdcbcbdcdacacdbbcccbcdcddacccbabdbdbbbacaddbbaababcaaabcabadaaaabccacbadcaddad
dbdcccbdbddbbababbbdacbcaddacadaabaaadadabcadaaabbaddcdbacacccaacdccdaddbaabcdbd acdaaadddcdbaacbdbcabbcaddbabdbbacbdddbadcbbcadabcddaacdbdcaabdcadcbaabaabacdabbaadd
bddcbbdcbbddbbadbdbdabaccabdbccabcbccccbbccbaddcdbdcbaadacddadddacbdacacccadaadcaadbcbccbabdabd bccbdabcbbaacaddbdbbbcddacabbdbbbaddddabdccbadbaddaddddccaaccbbdbbdacddaadacaabbacadcbcbdcddda
caadddaabcacbddccdcaaabddbdccabddcbdcbcaddbcbcccabcbdadbbcbccbcdbccbdbcbcbcaabacdcbdddcacb cdcaacbaddcccaaaabaabcdddbdcdbccdadbcdacadadcbaaacdbdbdabbcbcccdaadacdcdbdadacbad
ddbbaddadacaabbbddbdacaabbacdbcbcacaddcbbddbbbddccacdcdabaaccbcbbdadcacdbdbccdcdddbccbdcbdcaadadbab bacbacbbbcbbccddbcaabccccdabaaaacbcccadddbcdbbbbdbadadabdccdacbdccdbbdbdccddaacddbccaadbd
dbdcccdbcaadbaadaacdadbabaabbabbcaaacaccddcbdcbdbacadaaababbdcaccdbadcbdbcbccaccbbbdcbadbcdacbba ddccbddcdababdcbcbdccabaabcadaddcdcabbdddcbabbacbdddbdbcbdabcdcdbdccadcdbacbdbbdaadcbbcacccbadbc
dddddbbdbdabdcabbddaabcacccbadcbbbacdccdccdccaccadbabbabadbbdbdcdccaddaadcbcadcbabbcabbcdabd cbddbcaacbcccdbcaccacaabaaacddabacddbcdaddabbacddbccdcbdbabbbddbaddcdbcddacabcbbaacbbc
cdbcbccadcbddbaaaddcbccddbccccbdddbcddaabccbdaaadbabbababcacadcccbabbabbbdbcbdcccb baaccbacbbbadcaacccabadbbddbabdcddcdabdbdbcdabaacbaccbaccdcdadadcdbdabacadbbdccbaadbccadbdacbdbb
bddcbbbccdcaaccabdacbdbcccbbbdcbadbdcbdbbaddbdbbcaaabbdbcddcbcddadbcdbdacacabccccaacdbbdbdc bcdddbccdbbbcacbabdacbbaadabccbdddbcbabdccaaadacdccdbcaddabccbadbcdcadccaabdcadadddcccd
ddabbcdadcbdcbddddbcdcddbdacbddbacaadcbdddbcbbddcdcdadadabddbbcdddacbdbbcaadaccbaabbaadbdadbdabad aacdcdccbbcaddddacbcccbbacdabdbbbbadbdaddabcccadbbbbaadcbdcdbbbcbdcccababacccabcbdcbbbcdc
dcacacbabacabbbbacbbbdbcbdccdcbcacbddcdbabdddbacacbbdaddacdcdcbbaaaabacadcaccdaadaacdaabd bdabdcacdccbdabcabdcbddacdbabccabcadababdbccbdadccacccbccbbaabcdcadadcdcdacaadbaaca
cccccaddbbcccdabadbcbcacbaacaccdaaaabcdaadabdbdbdcaadddadabcbbdbbdcbbdabdbdbcbccdccbaaadb cbbabbaaaadacccabdbddabbdbcbccccbbabaccaddbacbdcbdddaadccacbbccbdddcabccbaadbccbbddcdbbdcdbbdbbbc
dccaddcdacddabdabbbdcbdabdbaccdddbbccaaabbbdbdaaddadbcbdccadbdbcadabcbcdadbdcccdccdccdbdddbddc dbbbadddcdbaccbababdabcbccbdcdadbddadbbdbcdbacadaadadacbbbaaaababdadcacadcacddabacabbabdadacdcbcc
babbddaadbdcbcbdcddbcbdcdbbbdacdcdbbdcaaaabdcacbdaaabbdbcacacadccbccabdabaaccabccbdd bdbacdabdaaaaaadbcbcdccdbacccdacbbcddadaccadbcaadcdbdabcbacbbbaacbdccbccdcdbadaabdacadadbabbbbdcdd
dddccdabacbacadaaacabaddddbdbdccdbbdbbddbadadabcbbdbccabdbdddcaccccbbdcaddcbdaccbbabdbbadddcdbcd dcdaacccbaccbaddbbadbddbdbadabcdccdbbbbdcbcbacaccadacababadababbbcbabbadcbadddacbcabb
dabbcadbbdcdabbbdcccacabcbabbbbdaabcbadacccccdabcababdcdbbddbabaacabbcabcbbcbaadbacbbabddacdc dbbdbbaaacdacbbadbaddabacdbcbdbabbbdcbdaaaddbbcbadacaabbbddbdcacdcabbbdaddbdaaadcbdc
bddbcdbabadddabbcbbacabdbdcacddddcbcbcccbcabaddaadcabbbcdbcacdbbcccaabaabcdacaaadaddbbdd ccdabbcdcbbbdacabcdaadccbbbdadccdddcbadccaaabdcaccadcacbbdcdcdcdcdacbcabdbdbbdbddbbaa
adccdbdddbdababdcbdcaccaabbcdbdbbbaabbcdcbdbcdacacaadcdcdcbcbccddcbadccacacdccbacdabb cdbabccdabadcbccadabcbcaabaaaaacdbcdcbbbdadcccacadddbcddcaaaadbcbbbcdbccacdaccdbaaddab
bbbdbbbdadadadbbdbcddadccabacbadbdabcddccdacccbacabaaddbcdbdbddcaacccbbcbbddbbaddaccbbcddabcbaaac cdadccdcbabcddcbcadcbddcdcbccbdbdcdacbbcadcaabcacaaccdacdacbdbacccbcaacbabaacbccbabcbdc
bbbbdccdababbaadbaaccadbacbdbccddadbcdbacddbaabdbccdaacdccababcbbdadccdbbddcbbcdaaaaacacdcabbdc aabbdabcacbacbaddcbbbbddabccdbddbaddcaadadcdbddcaaccbadcccbdabdabdaabcddaabadcbdbdddadacdccbaaabddb
dadddabcdcbacbddccdccaabdbbcbbdcacddccbdaadcdaadabcbabcbccdcbdacaacddcdddabdabbb dddcabbcaacaacbbdcadabaccacbccdbabcacdbcbaccdccdaabaacdccdcdbdddddabadbabbaadaacccc
dabccabbdddaccbaabdabacdcbacabcacbcabdabcbbcadddbdbaccbabccdddabacadcccacddcababbcadcbcbdcba adcabbbdcbbcbabdbcadccdadddaddcacdbacccaddcccbddcccabddaabbdaddabccacdcdbaacbdbbcca
ddcdddabcaadcaacaddadbcdabadcadcbcddcddcacbaabaaaccdbbcbaababcaabccbacbcddabbcbdbcaacaaacdddbab bbbcdcaaacaadbccbcbadbabcacbbcaddbddacddbbbbcacacdbacdcbdcbaaddaadaabcaccccaccaadbcbbabdcadaacdccbc
cabacacbcbcdaccaacbbaadaaddacbabdddcdbcddcbadcbcbaabddbdbbbadcbcdadbdcbcddaabcabcbbcccada cbcbddabddcdcacdcdbcbdadcdbadaadbccacbbddccabddacacbabdaaadccaaaaaacacdcbcbacdcb
cdadddaddaccdaacbdbcdbdadccadbcbcbaaccaacbdaadcdcbdbbdcdbdacdbdbaabacadbdcadaadcbcbbddaa cdcbaaaabbdcbcdaccacbaadcaadcdaccdcbccacbddbdcbcbbccbdbdabcacdaacbabadabdddcbbbbaabaccccdcddddbc
bbbacadcbaabcbacacbdccdbccbbccacccdcccabccacdbacababdddcddcddbbccbadbdbdadaccbdbbada ccaddcbaaddbccaddbacbabddbadacbdabccdaacabcbbbacbbdacbccdbcdddadabdbaacabadabbbdacbabadbacdcaabcb
baadccbacbadaabbcacbcdbcabcdcabbbddccbbbbbaadadabcccccaaccccaadccacdccabbbdabacbdc cbbccdcdaccccbaacccabacababdcadbdacadcbcadbbddacdacdddcadbcaadccbbacdbdddbbcdbdbcccbbacbbcbccbabd
adbbcaaabacbbcadcdbacddcdddcacbbcccbbcdaaabcddccdcddbabdcdcdabdcccbbcbddcadddbdcdbddcaaabccbccc cabbbcbdcccabcdabddaddacbddddbaddcacdaacadabaaddbabbcbcdbddaaccaaacccdcbcaaaacbdbacb
dcadbaabddcbbbdbbdbbbcaaacbbacbcdadadbcacbbdbbaaaddaabbcadcbdbbdadcadcababdadbbbacacbcbadacbabbdca ddadababcbcccaabcbbacadccbdabddcbabbbccaabadaabadcccbadbacbdabccdbddaabccacbcbbcaa
bdbddcbbddbbcdabbaddccaadcddcbcdabdccdcaddbaccddcbcccaddcbcbbdcadaaadabbcacddbcbabbca ccbdccabadcdbcabbccabaadaacbacbaabacbacaabbabccdbdaadacbadcbadbadaaadbaadcdddcadbbbabbbcaabccc
cddbbaadbcbddbacabddadbccadbaacabbdddabcabdbccdadccdddcdadadccbcccdacabacdcabbdba acabddcdbaccadbddabdbbbddcacdbcaabcadbcaabdbabcdaccaccddcdbddddbddaaccbbccbdcacbdcddcbdd
bcadcabddccdddacdcacabaccdbccadbadadbdaaaaaaacadbacbdbcdbcabcaddbbbcdcdcadaabcddaccadbbddccadaa cbbdadcbdadbacadaacacbbbadbdccabcbbcacccdcbaadabadadacadcbadbacddaabcbdabbdbdacdcacdab
dabdacacbdbaddbdbaadabbddbabbbdcaaaabbcbdbccbaacdcdcadcadccdddccdbbbbbbacdcbcbcdacabbaddbcc aaddaadbbbbadcbdabbdbbcccbcdacadbdcaddbabdbcaaccccddbdccadcadacbccadadccbbbcddbacbccbcaca
dbdcabbadacccccbdabbcbaccddbcdddddddbcadbccccadccccbadcdadcdadcddcadbbdbcaaacabccaabbdddb cbddcdbdaacbdcbcccaabdabddcbbccbbaddcccadbdbddccbcdcccadcbcdaddacdabbbadcaaccdccccd
aaddbacbaabbddabdbbccddbdabcbbadcccabddabaddbdcdbccadadadbadbdccdcaaadbabdbaaabdaaadccccddcdbbbbba dbabaddccbbbabbaaccbbbaadaadcabbadcaccabdddcaadbddbabadacbbacdaaaacccbccacaccdadcbbdbc
adddcabacaacaabbdaacdaddcdcbcbcdcaabacccaaacadddcbbddcdcabdbdbbcbbbbccdbdbcbdaddbdaadabbcadaccdba abddccaaadbdcaacbcdabbcccdddddabdcddabcdddacadccccbddbbaadabadccccaacbbcbdadbcbcadcdbbcdbb
accdbacccdcacbccbaabcbdaddccabbcacdbcaaabccbadddccddcaaaccadbaccdccbabbbbcdcabdbccdcbbacbdcdccd cadbadaccddbddcccbbbdbcadbdacdaccaabaadcbaccbdbaabbdddbbdababacbbbcdabbddcbbcacbabbacbadaaddadc
bcddccbacbbdbcdacdbcaabaaaacdbaaaadbacabcacabcbdbdadbbbabdddddcabacddcacbacdcbaaaacccaadaadad ccaaadaccacbadcaaddadccbadddbbccddadbabadaacdaabdadccaadabbacacaaabdacccbbdbaaabbaccb
cbdadcdadbaadcaccccabbabaaddcdadbdacdbadbcccbbabcabacabdcbbccbccbcddabacabaabbcbddbdadccd acaadbabdcbabcdbccdacabadbcaacbddcbbcabacbcabbbdcbbdccbccacddbdbadcaccdacaabacbddcaaddbbaccbaddaad
cadadddcdcbbcacabadbdcbbcdbababccacddcdcdcdcbccdcbacccbcabaccccdadabacdaabdbdcabdbcaacddac abbacadcaadadcdabcbaabbaaaddddddabcabadabcaabccbdddadbccbbbabdadbadcdbacbcbbaddacdbadcacaacacbab
dbbbbdacdcaccdbadcdacadddbcdbbcacbcccabbbddadddaabbccaccdddbdbaadabccccacabdaccbacdbddaaadcaaddba cabbbbddbadadccdddbdbcaadbbcdbccdbacbaadccaaabadabdacaabcbcbddcbbadababccbcaacadcd
cbdddbdcaabcdcdccdabadcadcddddbacbddbdccdbaccddbaccbcdbacdcccbdbbcabcbbacdbbcadcbadabdaabdcdbdbdab ccdcacccccdbccbdaabdbbddcbcbcbcbdbbcccbcadcccbbaabaddbbaccadabdbabcaacabcbabbbdbbacdcaccddbc
cdbddccbccdbbaadbcdaccacacccdadabbcbabcbdcbabaabbccdacbcaccbbbbabcacbacbbabdcdccdbccdbacbaab bcadccbccdcbcdcbcadadacbbcdababcabcacccaacaabaaacdcddbddbababacdddddabbacbbcdacdbdddddaadadcadcbccb
dadbccdaaadabbbdbccbdcddbccbaaccdcdaddcaddacdccaccabdddacdbdabacdbcaabdbabcdaddaadccbadcccdcccacadc dbabadadddddbbcbacaadcadbaabddaddcaddcccbaaaababcddcacdabbaccddadacdaadacbabbcaabbccbcdada
dabcbcaccadcabddadbdcbbcdcbacabbdaacacaacaadbddcdabbadcabcdaabacddbddabbddacacabcddadcbb bcbddacbbcadacbdbcccdcbddbddddbaacdbbabbaddadbabbbabaaaacabdacdbbbadddcbbcbadddacaacadcd
acbbabcbdaabcaacdbdcabbacbdddbbdaaadacbaadbcbaddcddbbbacccbdcaaccbcabadaacdbcbcdbadcccbba caaabbcadabdababadaddcddcbdddcdbdabddcaadccbdbcddadccaddddcbcbcaaabaaccddabbadbbd
ccadcaaccddbbdcbcbbbddbdcaabcdaaaadccadbdcadaadacbacabbacadccabddcccbbddaaddbaaccabcbddddbdcdddbbda cadcbcdbdbbabbbdddcaabadbcaddddccbdbdcacacbbabbabcbbabcacdcccbcdcbcbadbdacdccdbadac
cdacdaaccbccbccababccaadbdddabdbcdacabaacbdcabacdbddaaaadbaabbdbdacccdcdcadcbcdcddbaabdd badbdabbdcabccbddbaadaddcabcaacadbaacdcbddccbcdcdcbbabbbacbaaadcddcbdcababcdbcbbbaaba
acccadaccbadaabbccbcddcbbddbcdacbddccacaadccccbadbcdcbbdbabadbcacddcdadaadccddaacba acadbbcbaadadcbdbadbaaadadcaabbcdabcabdddabccaaaabaacaabcacbcccbbcdbcbbacdbbcadadcbba
ddbcaaaacdccbbcaacdcbdcbbcdacbcaaaacacbacacccbdccabdbaadaccdbacbadbacabaccdcadacbccabbabccbaaadacc aabaddaacbdaaabcbccacabadddddbcadcaaababadddadbcdbdabcbcabccadcdaabadddcbaabbddacdaabadaba
cccdcddacbdbcbaacbbadbabbbbccbbadbdacabcbdcacdabdbbcaccdbcaababbdcdadcabcbccaabaabdabbbcacbab caababbacaaddadbdbbcdabbcacaccbbadddabddbbbbcacbccdcaddbaabbcabcbbbbadcbccabbabcabdbdbbdcdaadbbcdcc
adbbdbabcbbddcdbbdcaabccbbcbdcddccdacddddcacdacacbdddbadacadccacccbbbaccccbdabaabcdcabac cdbdcabdbbdcccadbcdbcaacdbbaacaadcbadbbcbadbccabccdabddabcaaacaabcbaadccbddbcbcadcbcdcccad
bdcbcbbdcadcaacdadbcdddadaadaccdddaabaaadabdadddabdbdaddcdbaabadcdcccbdcccdbbababcbbdacbcabbab badcaaaabbcdbbaacbbcabbdbcbbcdccbbcaadddabcadbdacadccbdcddcaabbaccbcdddccddccddbaa
aabcbdbccabcbbddabcaadcacdbdcbcdadcbddaddaadaaabacdbadacbdcccddddaddaacbdbdbaacbaac adcaacdbbabbbdccadcdbbadbccddcddaaaccbdbdddccccabddcddcaaabadcabdabcadbadcdadcdbb
ccddccbacccdcdacaaccbbadbbaaabdcacaddbcccdbcaaabbcddabdaacacbdddcbdabdbaccbcdbbb badbcddbbdcbaabdbdaadbaabcdccdcdbdcdaacbbcdaaaddbbbcadcbbdddadbaacabdcdacbcaddddbbabdacababdabcbaab
badccadbdbdabcbacdaacbaacddbcdaddaabbbcbbaadcadabbddcbacccdcccaadaccddabbbcbdcccdccccbcadbd abdacbdbcccbaabdbaccacaddbabacccbbcdbdbcddcdcaacdcccdddbaabcbcdccbcdbadaddccacbbbaadcacbcbb
bddbcadbabccaccbdabdabbdaaacbacaacccdbbcacdcbabddadcdcabdadbbdcbbabadabbcdaadcbaacacbbaacddbaabda bdaadcccadaddbaaccadacaaaacdcaacdaadcddbaccbcabdaadcbadacaacacbbadbaccddacbccbdca
bdbbdaacbddbacacccadbadbbcdadddbaacbabcbddaabbdaccdbdabcdaccbbacccabaabdbbbddcbdadcbabadddcdcbd abddccacabdccdadbbaccadcacbacbcdacaccaaacadddacddcaadbabbbbaccdcdaabcccddabdbbcdacaccddccdaddc
dbbdbdacaaacbbacacacabdbababddaacaccbddcbaacbaccdabadacbcbdabacddbdbbcbcbabbbbbdcabac abacdaaadbbabcacdbddcabcadbbdcabcaadaacaccadcdabcbcddaacdcbcdccdbdcadbadddcddcabcaaadbbabaacdaddcb
daccdcdacbacdcacbaddcaabacbacbcdcdbdbabdbccdaccabbddcdccbbaddadbdbdbdbacdbaacddcaccdbcdbacbcdadcbb bcaaddacdbbccbadbcdbccddaccabcddbbbcbadcdbdbdaadabacdacacbbaacbcdaadcbdbddaaabcabdbc
aabaadbbbcbdbbbbbdaddacadadaccabdcbbabdbbbddbbadbcdacabdbccdcbcacbbdcdccdbbcbbddccdc ddaccccbabbabacacbccdacdaacbddbbabddccddcaabdabbdaaacbbccdacabbcdbbdbadacdaaabcacdccdca
ccccdccacabaabbbcaaccccabbcbcbbcbdaabdbcbdabbcdcdacdabdaccdcbdbbcccdcaabddbccbcbadcbbddccaccccdbda ddddacaabbabaadbddddbdbaaabdaacadcdbaaabbaabadcddbaadccacadbbbabaaadbaccacbccccca
caacdabcaabdbbdcacbbaadbbddcdbcabcbbabcdbbacbccddbaaaabcdddccabaabbdbbddaabbaddbdabaabb dacacacbdaaaadccadbdcccdcaaacabdbddddaaaddbcddcaaadaaaaacbbaddaadbbcaacbbbaabccd
baccbabdcbdaabdcdacddcacbdccaaabcaacccdccddbaabbbddcddbcbddcdddabdbccacbcdcbcaabbbbbdbad daabaddbaddacdadcbaddbcccbcbbdacabdaddadabbddbcdadcbdbdcacdcaabdcddaddaadcbccbabadbbbd
dccbabddadbacdbcbbdabbccbcdbaaacdacacbddbcaaaaaadaabdacbbaadbdadddbbdaabbcbbbcbdaa bbacdaaaacdaddacabdcbacabcbcbbccddbccadcbcdddbaaddbcaaaabcabacadbadadacbcbcaabddca
aaaabcaacdaabbcccccbacbbaaccaabdbaabbadaddadaacacaabcbdabadcdbdcdcdbacbbabaccaabcdabddb aabddcddababdcdbdaccacaaddbbbacbbdababbbacbacdabaddcdcccddcacabbbacacadccbcacdabadbacbbcdbbbaa
ddbdaabdccbdddddabcdddaaaccbcabbbdcbdadbdcddbbadadbdabbdacaccabacbcbaddcbcbbdaccaadbcdddcccdccaccb aabbcbdbdbacabbbaacdcbccdbdabacdcdcbbdbcdcaacccaacabacdbcbabaccdacddbdbdbcbbabbacbabdcbcdcbcacb
adcddcbbddcbcddbabdcacaacccdcdcabbbadabbccbbcdabacddbccacaaddacabadabadadbdccdad cabcbbccadbccbbbcccabaccbcaaabaacadacbbcddaacdcdccdcaababdbabbcbdabacbddcadcdaccdbddadadaaacdcccda
ccddbdbadacbdcdddcacdcabdadddbdbcdddcdaccbcccbcccdaccbcbccdbdbaaabdddcdbacdcdccbaddbcbbc bbadbccbacbbccaaabaababbdaaccdbcababbcccadcacaaabacabcdcaacbaadddacabbacdccaacbca
acbdaaccadadaabdadccccbcdabdacaddcaadabbcdabdaabadbddbddcccdadcddacacdbdbddcdcddbcb cbdbbcbacaaaccbacadcdaababdaabaabcdbabddaadabdcbdcdbcbccacdaddbbccbcacadcdadbadcbcac
adadcababbcbcbcbbacddbbbdacddacaaaccdcdbdcaabdcddbaccdcddacabccdbddaccaaaccbacaaaccadbcdabbaa cbbadcdcdddddabbcabaddddcbbccbbbddcdbdabcbacdacacbbccddcbcacadcdadbdcacdccdadccadd
abbcaacdcbcadabaacbdaabadbccabbbcabdcaacbaadbadabcadddabdddbcdaabcadaaabbadddcbac ccdbababacdbdbbacdccbacaaccddcabaabbaccbbbbdcadcddddddcccddacacbdccccbbabbdcdbccacbbbddcaadcda
dabbdadacdbaaaadadcbbdbdddaddaaacaacacccaaccacdcbccdabaacccaaccbbaadccbdaccdbadbbbdccdddbddbb bdcdbabaaddbbcadccaadbabbcccdababadbabadacbbbbaaccbabbaaacccaccdddbbbdbbbcdbcacdada
adadcbbaaaabaabbbcbaaaadbbbbdcbacaacacddbacadbacccabdbcdcdaddcbdadccddbadabccbddbaadcdcddcddbbcdc bbcbcbacadcaaaadddacbccbbcaaddccacdcbddddcaccadcdbbbddbcdaacacabdcbdddabbabcbabcdbaccdacbbbccdd
acdbcddbcadadbddddacddccbcccabadcbddaaddcbbdcdabadccbacbdcddcbbacaadcddbccaaaadaaddaab aaddadcaaaaaccacacdbbcdccdcbcdbaabdddaabccddcbdadabcaaabadcabbacbbabccdccacbdcdc
dbcdacdadcdacadbacabbacbcdacaadaccabcbbdadbbabbcbccbaacabbcbabaaaabcdcbcbbdddbdcdaadbaaaaacbcdda adbbabccbcccdccaaabcacacbdadbadccccdbbadaacaddbdaaddcbaacbcbacaadccabdcdaccbcdccddbdbdacc
cacbbbcbacacccadbaaacccbbcbdcabbabddbdcaccdaddaaabcbcabbacadaacbbdabbbababbccadcbadacdcadb dddbacbbccdbcaaddddbadcbdbcaabaacabaabdaddbcabcaccbcbbcccdccacacbabbadddabcdbadaccbbbddabacadb
dacadaabbdacabbbadccacadaacadacdddadcacabdacdcabbdbacacaabdccbcbaabbbaabbaddbcbaccacabaccbab cdddddcddccdbadacbbbdaadccabacacbdbcbcadacbdbaabbabdbbbcdcdabcbdccbccbaabbaddbdba
dddbaacacdcadbccdabddccadbdabcadaaacdadadaacdbdccabacaacbcabaddaddaddcdaacbabadabacbddd dcabdccdaccabbcdcdddadaaddbcdabdbdadccabacaadddabccbdabaddadbbacbaaaaadaabbbcadbcddbbdccddbbdbcc
dabacbadcbadccdaabbdcabadcddbdbbdbdcdcdbbabbccdddbcadacbccacaabddbcdbdacbacbacad abdbabdbaabcbbdbddddbdbaaadabbdbbbcacccbdbabcdbadacbababdddbcdccdcbabaadbdddbbbdcdbbaaabdcbcbacbcaa
abddabbdaddcbbdaabbbabdaadddaaddcccbadaadcccaadabdcdcccdaadadcddbcdaabbdddbdcaaababaa bdcdbabdcbccbcbaaddbcddcadccbcaabaadccbaadcaadcbcdcabcaccdcbbcbacaacbabbadbadbbcadc
aaabbabbcaccbcdaddabbcaddccdcbbadccbcadcdbbbaabcbaabbcbacbdbccacaccaacabdcbaccbccc cabdabbcabacdcbacbddccbdccbabbcdadaccdbdbccbcacdcdbabbdbdccbbdbbccbcbaccddcbadbcd
dcacddcbbbccdccabddaccbddaaccccdcbddbaadadbdddcbbdaabadbdbcbbbabcdcbbdbabbacddcdbca dccdbbbbdbacbcbdbcbcbdbcadccbcaacbacbabbddadababaccccdcbadaadddacacabdbddcbbbdcc
dcbcbaaaaacabbbddaaaabaaabbbbbbcaabcbdaaddadaaadacccbaccbcabbdacdcdccbcdccadaccabaabdcccdd bbbdadcdddccacbcdccacbbdadbddabbcabccdaaaaccabdbbabdaddbbddccdccadbbdccabadadacc
adcbbacdcdbcaabdccdbcabdaacbdcddbbccdaddcddddbcbaccaaacdadbbbadbabcccdcdcabbdaadcbbcbdaacccbbc bbcaabdcacdaddcdbbadaddadccbdbbbbbbcaccdddddcbbddcaabcdbacccbabcaccbccadcbbdbabcadaacdabbcbbcbdaab
ddbdbcdcbdadcdbbcdbadbaddddcacaddbcbccabddadbbabddcdbbbcccbabdcadbcabdcbccabcbbbaaacacbcccdcdac abbcabcbdbcdbbdbbcbcadadbdbcbccbcbaabccbcbbacdabaacdcababcbdacbaddaabdaadadbdbcaaaaaba
bdbdadbbbccdabdabacacdaaaabbcadcdbcadbcdddcddaacbbddaadbbdbadaddbdbbadbcbdcaabbabddba badbdbcddcbbcbddbabcaabaccdcadcddcccbbddacaabacaaccabbdbccabdabdccadabbddbacddbccaacacbd
aadbbbbcdbdacadbbbccadabddabddbbbdddbccdaabcbbccddadddabdbcdbbccaaddccddcdbcdcabdaccaaacaabadaba addaccbdbbbbddbdbbcaccabcadddcbbcbdbcbaabcdbdcabaabddcacbbadcacdbbacbbdabcdaabccdacac
ddddcbaabddbcaacccbaaabcabcbcdcdbbdbdaabdacdcbbbbadbbdcbcbbddbbcbcddcacdbcddbcaabdab adadbddbcbbdcdddbbadaaacbbacbbbddcdcbadcbbabadcbaadcaccaddbbaadcdbdbdadcbbababbcddcb
adcbbdcabcbaccbdddcccadadcbcbcdbcbbaccabdcababdcdbbbbcdbdaacbdbacabbbdaddaadabcdcdbcd bcbdbdddabdacadccbdbdbbdacadabadcdabbabddabdbdadbcdbcdcacbababbaabaccaabbccbccbddcbccbdadbbaddaccbc
dadabcdadbccdbcdcdbacbabaddabcddbadabccbbaaadbadbdddddcdbdcdbacccacbbacdbacdabddabbcccdcccbaacdccd adddccdacbbadddaabcaccaacbabdcbbdcbaaadbbddcbdcbcbbdcbcbccdaabbcdadbdcdadaacbbddccbc
dcccbcbadbdbdcbdbbbdddcdacccbacaadddcabbaadccbbbaaabaadbacdddcaccdbdbabddcacabcbcaaddaabcdbcbba cadbcbddaaaacaaccbbadbdccabacaaaaabdbdbdacddcdcbcaccdcbbcbdcddcbcabadcdbdcacddbcbbaa
cbcdaccbacbbcdadadaaadabcccdacddcbaccbdddacaadddbcaacbdadaabbbabdbaaacbaacaacacaacbccbcc cccbaabbcddbdadaaabdabddadcbcdaadacdacbddbacabcaccdaddcbbaabcadaaaddabacddcccdcacacdbbdddccad
dcdadaabcdccbdaaddbdccbcbdccdabdcbadcddbcbbadcddbcbacdcbbcdacdbbbdabbbbbdbabbdbdcdbdbaaabbbbbad daddcbdccdddaddddabcbcbddccacbbacddadbbdbaaaacaddcaddcdbbbbddccaacadccdaccabcaddcbbdad
ccddbdbbaadcbcccdcabdbddcadcabaadbdbabbabcabbcdddccbacbcdabcbcbdcbbbbacdabaaddadbccabcbdcdddccbba acadabdddabbcaaadabdacdaacccabcbcbbcdcbbbadbcdcddcbddbbaacadbaadacacadcccaabdaddcadaaaccda
ccacbcabadcacdcdbadbacdcaabcdbdaadabbbbcdcadabbaacaaabbbdddbcddabadadcbcbbcbddcaccbaadca cacacbccaccabacabaacbbacbcdbaadaaadddccdddccbaaaaaddaccaccdbcdddbadaabcacadccdcccdcdacdbdbcac
dbaabbcccbdccabacbdbacaababccdddbbadaccdccaadbdcccbbcbabaddaccbadcaaadadcdaacabdddccdcabadbbd ddaaaccbbdabadaabacdacbddaabcdacdbbdabbdbaaddccbcccddabcddaaacacdcaaadbbdacaadabcaacddaadddbdb
bbaaadcbdcdbdabcdccdbddbaddcaababbaccdaccdabbcdddcaccdbdddbacbacacdaadabbcaaadcabdcabbcbcc daccccdcdcacacbadabdacdacdacadddddbcdbcbddaccaadbdcadccbdbdbbabbbdcbaabbbcbcdddacacbbcbccabb
cccbcbdcdcdcbdddbcbacacdcccddacbcbbacaaccbadbddbacdbaabbbdadaadcdbacababccacaacb accadbadcbcccbdbacacbbcbddcdccdcccaadcdcbcbdcbbcabcacabaacbbcccadbacaccdadaddacbdddbb
baaacbbbdabdbbdbcbdddaaaacdcccbaabddbbdccccacbbcdcdbcbcacaadcabcdaadacadccbadbcdabacabbbcaddb abacdcacdabbabacdcdcadcadbcabaacbcbabcdcbcdadaddadadadaddcbdadabcdbbabdbbcbdddadbbcadabcbbbcadb
dabdabacacbcdbabcccabcacacacbbcbbdacddcabdbaddabcbdaabcaaacbdccbacaaadbddccaadbdcccbbdacdaba bcbbacccdacbcddaccabbaacbaabacacabdbabcaaadcaccdabcbcacdaaababdbcdbddaabbadccadbdcaadbdbabdbaababc
cddadcabccdbadbccacccdcccdaacabbcccabdcacacddbccabdcabadabbadcacdbcabdaaacaacaadcdabdddc bbbadcadccaadbacaaacbbaadcaccdbdbdbcbaadadcdddacbbdadbaabbbbdbbbdadcabbaacbdabbacacbaa
ddddbcabaadadbbcaccbacddadacddcccaaaaaacddccbccaddccbbdababdbccdcaabbbcdbaddcbbcaadbbbbcabbcadccc cdddcccdbabcacabdabdbabddbaabdacbbadbadcadcabdbdcbaacbcbbcabdbdbdbcacdccadacaddcbdcbcabbdda
cbdccbaabcdabccbacdbaaddccdcaabcbdbcbddcdbaaacccccbccdbdadcacbadbaabaabddaccacbad bbcbdacdaacbddcabcbacddbbabccdcabdcadcdbadaabccabacbacbddbbbacaddcdbdabacdaddbacbcdadcdacacddb
dddbacbcbbbddcddddadddbddcdbdaaacdbccaacdbcaddaaaaaddcdcdadadadbcdaaadbdbdbdbbbddadabd dcdcacadcbbaaccddabbbabadbcdcdcdaddbccaabddcacdcdbcacbbcaddcaaacddcbbcadadcbabbcbbdbcbabcddababbd
cdcacbddbacadbdcddccabcdabccbccbddcaccdbbaaddcdbdcdbccddbcadcbdddadcbcaacaaabccacbabadabbdd adddddcbbdcbdacacaabbdbabddaabddaadcdcacabdbbdaacbdabcaddadadabccdabcbaccbccbcaabaabbcbdcaccddd
bddbacbcccaabbbccaadcbadbcdacccabbdcbdbaddabaadabdddaaccdacdbbbbcdadbcccdcaabababdcaacbadca addcbddabcccadcddcbcccdabbaacabddcabcccdacbcbacaddadbdbdabdaadbaddddcaddbbcdbbdcdddd
bcbaacaccdbbadbdbacbdcbabbccdbbaabdbbdbacbdcddabacdcaccaadddbbccdbdabddcbdaaccbdbdaaa adccdaadbdddddbbdaaabcdabdabbbaabbbdaacaacdababbdbdcaadbcadbabacbcacdccacaccbccbaccdcdadabdccab
badcaabacccddaaabdadbdcaabccddcccbddbabbcbcaacddcdccacaaabcdaabbadcaccaacdaddabaabddbdbabcbad abbdbdbaccacdccbabdddabbbababddaaadacbcdddbcdcbabddcbbdbbcdddadbcbcbcbabababbdbc
bdcdcccaabcadbcacabddbbddabababaddadbbbaddddbdcbddacbbcbcccddbbbaabadcbcaccdabadddaacaccdccccb bacbbccdcbabadbdbaadcbbbddacbdacdbcabaacacdabcdaabadccbcaadbbdccdabbccbdbddbaaacdabbacacacaacbaacca
bddcdacbbbaabbbbddabccbaccdabbcdacbbdbacadadccabacbbbcbaaddacdcabdbcadcbcdbacbacaadcbaccbdaabdaca babcbbdcaccaaadcccdcadbbbcacdacdbbbabdababacdabdadbbbadaccdbbdacbdcdcbdbdaddbdddbbdbcabbcdcbdcb
bacdcddcabaababcababdaadbdcbdaadbadddbccdbaccababdcaacbbccbbbadadcbcadcabcabddcdcbcccacabcdbdbc ccaabbbccaaaabbcccbacdcbccdadbdbbbccccbbbacccdbdcabcbdbbdcaacabbbbacaccaadbcabdacacdbdccdbaaaabb
bddacdacbacadbaadabbcdbadddbddabbadbcbbccadccaddccbcadcacdcadcbcbbadabbadbdbddabdc ddddcaaabbcdaadbddcdbdcdbbbaddbadcabccddcdbbaddbccdbbadaccbacbdbdcdabaaaacaccadbddbaaa
acbdadabccdcadacdaabcddcdbabcdcddcaaabdbbccccbacdbdbbdaaaadbaccdcbdacbbbbdddcbaabd aaccdaddcccddaccbadddaddcbcbddaddbdaacdcbabadbdbccdccacbccababaadacabbdccbcdcadcddaabddbaadabadd
bcbcabaacdbddbcbacdcbdabaabdcabadbdbbcbcbadacccbdabcccddbcaddddbbcbccbabcbaacbacbcdbadbac cabadbaddacccbbdbcbbdbccbdabccddddccdaccbdcdbddbacadccccbaccbdcbdcdccdacdbadbcdcaabccdaabbcccbcbddd
bdbdbaddaaccbdadbcdbcaadbaccbbabddcdbacbcbbcabaddaaabcdbddcdbabbbbdcdbaaacacdbbdacc dbbcbdbbcacabadaabaaadcbbacbbbcdcbbdacabaabbdaabbdacbaddbdccdbbbdadabdbcacbabadaabdcbbbddccab
adabcdacdddababcbdbdcdaaaabdbcdddabaaacdaaadbcbdbccbabacbdcdbcdaaccdbdcdbdccccccccadbcdbbdbadcdabdb abbdbdbcbcdabdcbdcccabccbdadbccdbcbcdbbabbcccaadcadccddadcbcbadbbddddadabbdddcabcdaccdacbbaaccaba
bddadacaddbaddcabbdacbabaacdbbabdcbcbbdacdabdaaaaaabbabcccdcbacccbcbbdbccabcccdaabdadabccddabdb abbabbccadbbccccbbbcaccaacdddcccadbdccbccaabdbbdacdaaddbacbbadcaddbbcdbddcbabadbbbbabd
dbacbccbcbbcabdabcacddabaacddcaddddbcdbccadbbdbbbaaabbabdbcdadbbaabcbbddacadcbcdacbcabdbbdcddabddb acaccccaaacacadaacccdbcdabaadabcdacaadbbccbbbaacdbdddabcaabbdbcccbaaccaadccdbdbac
adbdadbadadbadaddcdcdbbbdbaacdbbcbcbaacdaaabdcdabccabdbbbcdaabacbbddbcbacaccaaabba cddaaddbbcabbcbabdcbcdbacaaaaabbcbccaabbdcbdababbbbdcacaddbbadccadcbbcbabccccdacddaddc
dbbbaaddcaccdabdcabbacdddabcabbddbbdaaaacddbdddacbbdddabddadacbdabacbdabccbbcbbacbccddcacaacdaa cbccbdbbbacacdbacacababadbbacbaaacdadbadaaaabbbdcaacdcaabddadbaacaaababbdcbabadb
bbdbadabbaaccbaddabdbdaaacababcbdcbaccddcdccadbccadddaabdacdbdccdcbcacabbabddaaca daddddaabcadadacbdadbcddcccaabddacbbbcabbbcaaadcdaddddbdcbdddcdddaacaabbccddadabbadabbdddccbcddb
ccbcbcdccacaabcacdcabccddcddadbdacabbcbabaccdcaaacbaccdaacdbadadaaacbcbbcbccacbccaa cababcbbcaadbddcbdbaadbdccdadbdcadadbcaadaabbcccdbbdddddaaddbdabbccabccacaaddabcaaddbdbdaacba
dacbaddcdcbddaccabaaacbcaadccdcdaadacbadbdbdcbdbdddbadbcaaccdbadacbcaaacdbcdbcacbaaaccd cdacdcdccddaacaddbacadbdbbbdddbcbbbdddcacdbabcaabbccabcbcdcdccdcdccaacadddcaadcbcddaaab
cbcabbaacbabbbcbdcacdcbaccaaccddddddcbababccdddbbbcbdcdaadbcbacabaabacdacbacaaaaccadcacdddab aadbbcadcbddbcbcbacccddccbddcadbcbdbcadcdabcbbdccbaccbdadcdcbbaaccdbcabaaddbdacaaadaacadda
caabccddabadcaccbbdaddcccbcccbbbaadabcaccdadaabbdadcaabdabadabbdccdbaddabdacbacdcc ccbcbbdcccbcdaabaaacadbbdcdabbbbbdabdcdabcbcdcbdadaccababbcccbbabccbdaadaddbdaadaadbcdcadad
dbcaacdbabbacaabcbcbcdacacbcabaaadbcbcbaaabddcbcacbbdcdddcacdbcddbbcadcdccbdccbbdddaddbcccabbb bdcddcdadbdbdbddcbcdbccbaacbaaddcdacaabbaaaccdbdabdbbdbdcadcbbadadcbbbdbcddccddadcbbaddabcacbbbc
adacadcbacbcdddcaabdacccccbadabbabadbdaaabdbccadaaadadddbcbdccddbbbbabcaccbbcdcacbadbcbccddabcb abcbaacdacdbddadddddcbbcdcaddbbbaddcacadbbacddadcdaccdcabacdadbbcbcdbddabcbaadadcbd
cbbdbcddcdaacbbddcddcdcdbdadbabcdbbadaddabaddaadbaaacdbcccdcabdaddbaddaccacaddbaddad abcaadcbbcacdacacabcddaaaacdcbaaadbcbadaadcbdcabdcdaacccccdcabdcadcdacadbcdcdcbccdaab
babbacdbababdbacbcabdcacaccddccddbcadcdbbbcbccabcaadabcbacbaabbabcacdaaddccaabcddadabd badcabbcbacabbbacdaacbbbbcddccdadacbabdbbaadcdcbbdacbbdbcddcccbcbbddacbabbbcddbabcdcdcaaadabbc
aaaddddcabcdbcdbaaddcbcaaacdccbbcadbdcadbdcabbaaccabbabadacdddccdbdcdccbccddcbaacbb cdddddbbcbbbcdccbbdadaccdbdcbbaddbadadbdcdabbbcabbddbcdadbbbbcddbbcdbbcdaccdabddcdaabcbdcabbdbddc
bcbaaacabdcadbabdbcdbcbacadabacddbdcdcccbccbbbabbdcbcaaacbbbbcdddddbcadcbdaacbcaabbacccaabdc baaabccbadaddcbdadcbdadcbbdcacdaaabddbdaccaaabcacdabbbacbdbacdbbdacdddcbddabccaabccadbbdcbbdd
badccdaaaadaccbaacbaadddadadccbabadbcbbcaddaacbadcadddbacbdcdbabbbcbbbbcaadcabcccddac cbaaddcbdbdddbdbcbabcdccbadaaaccccaaadcddaacdcbcbbbadabadbaaabdabcdcabcbccbacdabcaabaacbc
dcddbbdacdaacbbddcbddacbbddbbadacccddbbaacddaacbbaabcbcbdcadadbbaaabaacababacbdcaababaacada dccbddcdbddbbbbcdaddcbdabdbabbdaaadddbbdbcbaaabaaabadacabcddcccbcdadaccacdcddadaababcabcddccdcd
dddcaccdcacbdcaadccccbccdbbbbaabccddcacbcdaabbbdcddcadcdaddcbddcabbcaaaaaabacbacdaccdcb addcbadabcccbbddbacdabadbacbbacbbbacabbbcccddcaacabcdbddcbccdaacbdbdcdbdccddacdabdbbcccccadccdaabd
babbbdaddddbbadcdabdbddaddbcdccadadacacdaccacdddacbdbccbbacbbadbbcbacccbbacbccdaacdbdccacdddbdcda dabbdbcadbccabcdaacaaabbcacacdcaaaadddbbdabdabadcadccddbbccdbdbbbcdbacaaadacdccadccababbac
cdabacadcbacbdadccdddbbacadbbccbbbcbdbdabdddbabddcacbacdacbcbbdcbddbccccdcbdcccdcadcdaaaadd bccbbbbdcbdcbadacbaabddadbcdabdadcadccdadbdcddaccabaaadddaaddcabbbccaadbaadcccbabbaa
cadddaddbbcbabccdcabcddbabdbdddcbcbdabddcbcdcbdbccaaddbbacadddbbbabcbaaaacaddaaacadbdb dadabcdabadbadbccbdbbcabcdbdcdcdbcacbacbcacddaacbacabdcabcccabdbdcbabbddcadadabcdcadabdccd
bccdabcacdbaddacdbdccabadaacbbdcddbbacddddbadbcccadbcdbacabaadddcdbcaabbcbdcaadacdacbbbcbdccacb ccbdcaacdbdddddcbccaadbbdadbdacbbcccdadbbadbabaaabaccbcdadddcbdbdcaddddaadbcbdadcccbcacdbcaabdaba
bbbddcddbabcccaabacadbbcccacbbdcbdbcbbdbbbdcdbcdddaacacbacabcbdcdcbabaadcccbacacccacdcbdbbbbb bdaccccbadcdbdcdaadaabddbadcaddddcacacbacdcdaadbddbcdcbcddbbddabdddbadbbadcdacbdcbabcbcbabdcad
addcbddbcaaacbddacbbdbbbcabccbdccabbdbbcddabbdabcccbabcdcadaaddcccbbacccddabbcbbdabdbdb cbbbcabbdcbdccadddbaddbaddbdaacadcdbbdabababacbbddaccbaddbdcbcccacdcbddcaccadbaccaa
cccbccacdcbaacbbccaccdbaddaddcaadcbcaccadcaccacdcbacacabdacaccbdbabdbdcbaaaadccccaada cbabbcadbacadddacaccdbcaabcccdbacdacdaccabbdcdbdbdccadaccaccaadcbbdbbcbbabccdbbbabacbdcacbd
bbadcbcccbbabacdcaabdaadababddcdccccaddcbcbbddbabcdccbdbabcbcdbbdcdbadcaaccccadbcbdbda acdacbcaadbddccbabcabddbadbaccdacccdddacadaadcddadaadacaacbbcbdabcdcdaadcccbabdabccdcbbcddbccbdbdaa
cbabbdcadbbcddbcacaccabadbcdbdbcdacadbaaaacabccacdbcabbbcacacdcaddaccdabdabadddba cadbacadccdabaddadbccadcbdbdbddcccabbaddcccabdabdadacabacdccbbdaddddabbabbcdcacbbc
dcaabadcbdbbadcbddccdbbbbabdccacbbacabbbdbadddbacddaabdaaadcddbbdaccbcbcadcadabcbaddabdaacbbb dbbcadbabdbcaccadcbadadbddcccaadbdcacddbabbbaadcbdbdbbbddacbaccacaddbadcccacacddbacaadcccdcdbbbadca
bcadaccccbcdacbbadcdccaabaadbcdbccbabacdbaddcccddbcdcaddbdabbcaaaaaddcaccbdcbbbbacddaabadabac aabddaadcabcadacdbdabaaadadbdcbcdcccdbcadbdbaaddbcacddadacbdbcaccacdccdccdddabdbcdbdaaddbbb
cdacdcdbbaccaacdbdcbabacdcbdbdaddcbacbdaddbdaacbdadbbbabbccaccbcdaacbbbcabacabdbcaaadcadbbaccccd caacdaddbbadcabbbcccadcaacdbabdabccdadabcabdababaababddcbddcdcadcdadcaaddbcddddcdddcacaaadacabba
dadcccbbcbdcadbdacdbadaadcddacbbdbbdadaccbcbbcababbddadcbbacbaacbcdbaaabaccbbbaddccccda ccbdcdbbccadbcbdcbabbcdbaaaccacadcbbdbcbbccbabbbddcdaadbaacdcaacbcbddadbdccdacacbbacddccabcada
dbabdabaccabccaccbbddbbcaacbadcdbabacbcdcccababdcdadbcbbcbcdcbddcadcdabcbabcbdccddcccbccbcbbddbd addaaadcbcadbacbdddbadbabccaaabbadbbcbacaabbdabdbabccdadabbcbbdbacbbddcccdcabdbbcbdbdacddadcbad
adcaddcacdbbdbaaadbcdbacdbcdbbcdbbbbdbbdaacbcdcdaaadbadcbcccdcaaabbabacbcdacacaddbddc ddbdbaccaacdacccdcdaabbcbabdbdcbcbabbcacbdcabdbdccbaaacaadaccdccccccdaccacbadbbabccbbcbabcaacbcc
bbbaabddbdccadbbaacbcccccbbabaddbdcbacaccabbbdbababacbaaabadbcbaaadabcdabbdadbaba dcaccdbccbaabdbcdbbacbcccacbccaabacabdcabbbdaccdcdabddadbdcdbbdadccaaddbbcdaacacaacacabb
abbaddbdabcddabaaccdbdcbaadbbadaddbcbdbcabbbdcddaccbcabcaacbbdadbcbdcaabcdbbcdccbcacacbabbbd ccdcddabccbadcbdcccccdcdabdadccccbadadacacbaddddbbbbacacbadaaddbadcdcbddcbdabbacabaadbdddcdbdbcc
dbccaaaaaadddccbdbacaacddbcaadbddcbbdbbbaaccabcbdbcbabbbabbabbbabaadddaabddaaaddbccaccdaddcaabdba accbcbbacbcbccaaccbcbabbbaacdadccdadcbabbccccdbabbacdbcdbbcddaacacbddaabadcccabbbaaaadbdcbaccbabbaa
aabbadaabbbacaaccddccdacaaccabdcbcaabbdcddcbaaaabbdcdbbcbdacdaaddcbdcbcdabacbbaacbbcabadcb aacddbabddabbdddabaacbbaccccbadccddbcdbabddbdadbbcbccbcabcadcbaabbabcdcbcdaabbbadbdadaddbadcbccab
bdcbabacacaadbdacaaaaccdddbdcbdccdabcdbaadcbbcacbadccdbaabbbaaccbddcadcaaaabcbbbdbabbaadcbbacd aaddabbacdcdbaabcbcbddcccdcadcbbbdcaccddcaacdacadcabbacbaabcadccbdcbacaabcbadcdcababacabcad
abdcdbdcbadbbbbacddccabbdbabcadacbbdddacadbabaaadcbbcadcbdbbcdcbbbbbbdccdcdccadddcbb ddcbcddbccbdcccdcccacbdbbccdddbbccabcdcdbdbcbdbcdadbbdbadcbbadcacdabcaabaadbcbadadababdbcbb
bbcdcddbdcddddaadbdccbaddacadbdbcadbcddbddcdccbbdacbccaababbbdadcbbcccdacdbbdbcbdccbdaacbdac aabcacbcabaaccbdccdbdadaadacbbddcdacbbbadbccaadbaddcbbccbaddcdddcdbdaadaaaaddbaddddcdabbcccddbc
bcbdcbdddacadcbaccbdbdcbaadccdbaaaaccdccbabbdbaadacdcadaacdbcbacdbccabbbddabcbbdcaccccdddccbcba bddbcbddbbbbbcacadbdcacadacdcdbcdcbcddaabdaaccdbcaaacadacbdaddacbabcabbbdbdddcadcddcdadbbc
aadbaaccdcbabadcaabdcdcbaddccbdccdcddcabdcbdcbdddbdadcdaaabbdaabaddadbbcbbdadcdcbd bcdbbadbcbcabadddcccabcacacabbdcdcbacddadcccadbaabbcdddbcdcbbccddcbbbcdadcacbdaaacbbbdacaddaacccb
bbcaadccaccaaaaadacacaccdbbaacccbdccbccdbdadbccbccddbacbccbdcddbdaadbcdbacbdcccccddbcabad cdadcaabaaadcababdbdbbdbbbddbccdcbbccabadccadadaaccbbdbcbccdbacdddddbdcbdabaaabadd
cadcbdabdbbbcaacbabcbaaacabcbaacbbccdacbcbddacbbacdadcbaadbddadaccbcacabccaabdcaabdb cbdbbdccdcabbbccabadbcccccdaaaacdcbcadaaaabcddddbcdccabbacdabdcccbddddabaaaddbdacaababdadabbcdaa
ddadbbccadbbaccaadccdccdbdaabbabddacbbacdbabacbdadbbbacdaadcadcdccdcbaaaadbdcdaacddcbaddab adcdddaadbdcbbdddddcdbbbbdcbdbaaccccacdccbbddcdbbdbacddccdbddbbabdcdcbbaddadcbdabbd
baccccabbcdaacddaddcaaccddbbbccdbdadcddccabadcbccddacccdcdbbdccaadacddbccabdaadabdadacccacacbb ddccaadacadacabaddbabbddcbbdcadaddaabcbaadbbddbcbbbbbcdcdccadcbddabdddbbcbbbdddbbccccdcc
cdcddbbabbbbbdaddbcadadaddaacddacbcbcccaaacaacaddbaccaccadddbacadaddbbdcbaaaddbcbccababcabaaca dbdccdcccaabbababcadddbdddbdcddcdbbdabdcacbaccbaaadaccadddcdcbaacdbccbdbcabdadbdcbcbbc
dbbdadccdbcabbddcbbaddcdacdabaddbdaabcdccddadabadddcaccadbcddabacbacdccdaabccdacddcbcddbadcbadb ddcdbbdccddbaacaddaaadcbdcadcddcbdaadacaddcbbbcccacdbdaabadacadabdbbbddbdcdaaaaccd
acdbcdcccbdbdddccdabcdabccacddcccccacdbabcdccbadbacddaccacddcbdacabcdbcdabbbdbbaadccdbc ccdcccbcbcdbbabbbddccaadcddaabbdcbdacacbbdbcbddcabcbaddbcccbcbadcdadbaddaacbcdbaccbbdc
bddababcbaccaacdbdccdaddcccacbcacccdaabbaabdbddcdacaaddcdaadcddccdcccaadbdbcadcdbdcd cbdbacccccccaabacbcbdacadddaccaabccddaadbcccdaadbcdabbdcbaacddccacbdbcbcbacaabacbbdcbbbcdaabccbbba
abbdbaadddcabdbbbaacbdbbbacccabdabdabcabcaaccabdbccabcdabaadcbcdababbbacacbabbbccacdddcbaddcdcdcdb bacccdccdccccbcddaadaddcbbdbcabbadccccabbcadcaccddbabcdbdccbcaadabbacbbacbdcabddcacbb
ccddabcbacddbbcbaccbdaddbaaabbcbbaabbcbabaccbbdaadacdbdddddaccbdbadabdcbdccdaacddddbdbbbb babaacbaaddcbccbaadabdddadcadddaddacbbbcbccdbddaaadbaaaacddbbcadbdbcbdbadacaaccdcccdbcbddbd
ccbbabadcdccacdcddbbbaddaabdabdadbcdbdabbacabdbbdcbcabdbcdcbdaddddcbbdaabcbcdaccaacbcbdd cddbbbabdddcaaddbbcacdbcdbaddcbcbbabcbcbcddddddbaabcbbdcbddcbbccbcbbbcdabdadcabdacdbcacacddad
dabddcccdaddbcccaaaaaaacadaddbabadbcbbcbdbbccbaaccbcbdcdaadbcaabdababdbadcdcabbcdadcdadacdaabcdc ccdcbcdcadbbcddcacbacabbadccccccbdcccadaaaddabbacacdbcdddcbbbbcacdcbadbcaadccbaccba
ccbaaacbcdccddadbdadbbcccbdcdaaddbbddcaaaacdbbacbdbacddddabdcaddaadcccaadacabbba dabcbabcccbadabbdbabadacabddaacababaacabdcbbcdcbabcdabbcccacddcccbdbbcbdcbacbbadcdc
cbabaabdbbdabcacadacdadabdbdccbabadaaaadccbbdabbacdcdbcbcdcbacbaddabcbadbbdbbcbcbdbdabcba acbcbddbacabcdcddadbbcdbdcaccdbdbdabddddccdcdbdbbdcccadbbcbaaccdbcacaccbcbdacbbbbabddbaaadadbccccda
dcadcabdaddaddcdbddbaaacbababcabdaaaacababcaabcdaddbddbddbcabcaaccddcdbabbbcbccdb badbabaaacddbdadddaccbbadbcbaaddbcbbacaaaacddbccddacaccccaadbcaacacbcbbbcbbadbccbddbaabbbc
dcbadbdcdabacabcbbdbacdcddaacacbcdaacbaacddcadaccbcdaacaddadaaddaabcddacbbcdbbaccc ddcbdbacbdcacddbddcbbabccddbdbaadabacdddddcccadbacdbcaccdadbaddacdbcadcccbcdbdaabacaaacbdbabbcda
aacacdabadaccaabaacdaadbaadaacdcadaccabbabbbdbbadaacdbaaacabdccadbacdcacbdbddacadcccacabdcabaacbaab bcddddddabdcdbccbcaddabdcdcdbdcdbcbdaabddaaddcddaaabdcccdcabcddaddccdbcdbcdddabcbabbcdaaacac
cbdadbcbbbdbabccaabcbaaaddcddccaadbbbdcbbddabacaacbccadabdaccbadcaaaabbaaccbdabac dbddacdbcdadbbaadcadcbacbabbcdbacdcbdcbdacaabcdcddcccdbcaddabbcbaadadddbabcbcccccada
bbcbacdcaacdcbcdaadcbcbcdacabcabccaadbdaabaadcbdaadbddcbbddccadcabdccdbbccbbbdabddabbacda bdaabcbaddadcccccdabcacdcbbbdcaadcbdddbdaccacbbdbbacadacbbbdbddccabdacdbcaddaccbdd
ddabbddaddadddcbbddbdacaccaccaaabddacbacbadbacadcadccbdcbaabadccccddddabbdabbabcabbac dacabcbccadcddcccaaacbcaccccacdabbccccbdcdabadbbdaddbaaaddcaddaababbdcbcbdcdcabad
cdbbabbadabbbaccaddbdccdccbdadbbbdaabbcacbcdadbdbabdacbbbdccdcdbcdabaaaadbbbcacadcaddaaaabdcbbdb cacdddaacddbbbdbcdabcbbaacacdbcccdabbcdcaccacaabbcccdcbddcdcbcadbdaaadcaaabddabcabcbbddbddc
bcabcaabbacdbaadddadcaaabdcbdbdccadadddddcddbbdcdddaadaccbcbcaadbcdacacbaaccbdbb bbccbadccbdbbbccbcacaddaadbdcdddaaacacbbdacaaaaaadddadbdadcdcbdbddbccbbabbbccacccadabaabbbdbcbcbcdc
acacbdabdadacaadbdacbcaaccbaadcdaccaabdabadbbdaacdaadcbbbbadbbbccbabbbcaddadbccabccbbccac adbabdddacbcdaddcbabadbbabadcbadacadaaaaacdcccaccbccacaaacbbcdbdbbbdaddcacadbdddacbdddcacdcbbccc
bdaddbdbacbacddcccabacbadcabaacbaabcaacbcdcdcacbccbdcdadcbaadaccdacdabcababbcacddada acdccdbbbdbacbcdbadacdbaadccbdabaddadbccaacccadccdacabbddacbdbbbcdccdbbcbddaabddadcacaabdadcbb
dbdcdbdabccabdcbabcacccbbdccdbbbbbaddcdbccacdbddddcbbcdddddbabbaaadaadcdcbaddcbbccddcdd dcbaadcccadabddbbcabbdcabbaddbcbaccbcdddcabdbbbbacbabbacabdcdcaaccbadcbccbbbaabbbcabddcd
daadbabdbddbaccccaabcabdcaabacabcdbbacbcdbcdbaaacabbcbcdbcdabcbbabdddcacadadbaad acbddbddbddaabbdddccabdcddacaaacddcbdbabcbcdacccaaccbadcabccabccdbbaccdcaccddcbadadbac
dbbdabddbddcaaabbdbadbaaabbaaaaaaacddbcccacabcdcbdbacbabccdabcdddaaaddacdcdbbaacacbdccbbddbcb adbcabcbbccbaaaccbbabdaadcccabaaacbbbacaabdbbdbacadcccccbcbbbbabcdccdbddadabacbbd
baaccccaadcadbadbdddcbcadccddaccaaaabcbcbdbdadddbcbbbddbacddaaccbdabcbcbabdddbcdabb cbbccccbccdbadaababbaabacdddadbddcabadbbccacbdbaddbccacaddbcaabcaccbbbcbaaddaaab
cccaabbcdcbbbbcabcbdadacaaddacbdddcddabdabdddbbccaaaadacddbcdcaabbbabcbcdbdadaddbccacbcdda cbaaaadcabcddddadadcdbcaacdcaabdcbbabccacdbdcdaabcaaabcdadaccdaabcbbaabbddcabadddbacdbbadaa
dbddcbcaabcaabccadcccabbcdaabaaccaccdbddccdbaccbbbcbcbadbcbbacaadbacaaabdcabbddbcbaa cabbddcdbcccdbbcaddcdbbadadadbdadabcccabcadacdcacbccacbdbdbcbabcabcabddcbabcaacbbdbcb
cdcabaaacbbbcaaccdaccdacabacaaababbdbabccdaddddccdbaaccccbddbcdacacadccbadabbdbdbbbdcdc dacdaaacdacccbcacdcbcababbacbbcdbbbadbbbaccbdbccaabdcacdddacbcaabccacccddaabacad
dccddbabbdccacccabbcabbddabbddaabddbddaccbbcdaaabaacbcddaddabdbbbacdaabdbdccddbabdccabcdabdcd cabacaacdccbcdaccbadddbcbcdddcbcacdbbcdbaaabcddbbbdccccacdcdabaaadadddbddaddbbdaacbdbbdabacadcbabab
bcdddcdbddcdbaabaacdbbcbadbbcdccabcccdddcdcdbbaddbbdabdaacbdbadbbdbddbdcadccbcbbdccaad bbdcddcbdcbdbdacdabcadacabdcacdbbacbdbbdccadaabbaddcdacbccdababbabbcabdcbddcccbd
dbccdbdacdbabadbccdbacbdbbccbdcbcdaaaacbaabbaabdcdcbbabbddbbdcdbcbcdbdcbabdbdadacadccbcddb bacbbacdabbdaaacbadcccccccbddccbbacbadadaccbbabcbbdaabbabdbcbbabbacdacdaaacccadadba
dbcacdadadaadbccddddadaacbbdcbbbcdcdabdcacdcacbdbbaabdddccddbcadddadcccabbdadcabdccddaddb aacaddababbdbdbcddccbbdacdbbdddacbbcccaaabcbcabddcabbbbbabbdabcaadddcdccccbbacaad
dbcdcddccabcabcaddacacaacabbcbdbabcadbbdcdcaddcddbdaadbcdcbbbdaccbdddbcaacbbbcabbdbcbaccaccddbbacc adbccacdcaaddbcbdacacaacbaabccbaabcdbabccccddbbadbadadbbaadcdbacaaddabdbbbabcaddddccbccdc
bbaddcaddbddabcbdbccdccadddcdacaccdbdcdccccaabdcccacdaddccbcbcabaabbbbdcddcadbddcc daccbdbaaacaccddbbcdcadbabbcbcadbbddbddacaaaccdbacbddddcabdcbddcdcbbcdcabbbdbdcdcabdadadcb
bbcbbcccacdaaddddcdacbbacbdacccdbaadacadabcdbdcbabbcadcddcbcadbcdcbacaabbddccddc cdaaccaacdaacabadbcbdaacacbdcbccdcbccbdddacbcabbdaaabcccddcaddcaabdcbbddbddcacdacacabbcbcab
aaccbdaccdbadcbddcdacbbbabaccbbbadbcddaaabbbcaaccaacdddabcbaabbbdacccdddcadabadaabbbdbabdcaaababc ccaabadcbbacbbbdadacaabaddaccccddccbabbabcaaadadcddaddabcbcacbcdccccbacdddacbbddadbaaadbdda
ccaabbcdcbaacbdbbaabcaaddacabbcacdcbcdcdbccdddbdcdbcbaadaddbaabcabdabbbacbaaaccacdcaabc dbbadccacdcbdbbbcbbcadadabdcccdabdcbbbbacdccbddccacbabdacccdaabcdadaabcaacdacddca
adaacbdadbdbabbbcccbaddcadacbbaabaaaaddabccabbadbbabdcbdbdcdbddddbbdcababacbaddabbcddbaddaddbdaaba dbbdbbcbcbaacadbaacbbdccdbacbacadcddcaabbaacbdacbcbcbddcbbcabaadccdddbdbdaddccbcbcabccdadacdaada
bbbbdbbbcacccaaababcdbdabbcbddcddaadbbdbadbdbcbdddabbacccacaadcaabddcabaabcbcdaadbcb cbccbbbddacdcacdaabdbddbdbbaddaadbacbaccddcccccbbbbccbddbbaacadcbadbdacacbbdbcbcdabcdcdbdb
cdbbbddcdddcbbcaaccddcaddabcbacacadccabcaaccacdbcaddcabacaacbadcbbdddbcbcccbcbdbaabdaaacaacdacdbda bdddcdabcbaadcaccbbddaacbaacbccabccdcabcabbddadddcbcdadaacbbccbdccacbcddbdbadacbdadbabcdddddcaadbcb
dbacadabccbcbbcbcacdbcdaadbdbccccbcddbcdcbddbbdddcccccbadabacabdcabcdcaddadddcccdaccabbdbddbda abbcbcabacbcbaaabdadadaaabacddcbbbdbdaacaadddbdcbcbadbabddbacbcacadcdabdbdabaabbbbbabaadddadc
cadbbdbcaaadaacdadabcbcbcccdcdaddbdccdcdabbabccadabadcabccbccbdaabdcaaaddadccbbca dbcdaabaddbcaaadbbcbcabaacbdaadbaccbcaaabaabdddbcbdcbddccaacaacdddddbcdcdbdbaabbcacacdcabbcb
aaccbcddcdbdcbdababcbccacbcddcbaadcaccabcdbcabadacacabdbdbbdccbcddbabbdadcdabddaccdccbdaabc bcbdddcccddaaacbcacddbbdcadbbccccaadacdddcccbaaadadbcdabcdbbcacbcbacbdcdcadcccdaacbbbdd
cabdcaabcddbbcabaaccbddbdbbadbacccabcbaadddccdcdbabadabcababbbaabaaacdccccbaabaabdcbbcbdacdbb cabdccdcddcaadadbadbbacaadcacaaadbbdcbdbaabaaaabaaaaabacdbdbbdcddbdcbdbcbacaacabddbcdababcdbbab
bbcddabcbadbcbddcddacbcbbccababacddddaddbacdacbadccbcbcbacdbbcddaddcbabcaadacbcaccc badccbcaacbcdabacdabbbcbaacabdcddbbbbbddbcbbcbbddaacccccddccccbdabdcbccdbcabccaadadacddaabbabcbdddb
bdbddccdaaacacabccadcccdbcbccadccdccbbdaaacaacdcdcabbdcddcdbbbddacdadcbcddbdbbccaabbdadcaaccda bcbdabcabdcbabbadccabbdcbdddbacdddbdcabcadddbaabbdbccdacdcaddcacbdbcbcdacbcdcadabcacbaddab
ccdabdcbadbbdaaabcbbbababbacccddbbcdcdbdbcbcdddbababdcbbaacdabaaacbdcbadddcddcaabcb daddaabdbddcdbadaabaadabbbddaadacdacdbdbdbbdbabbdcabbdcbbcacaadcacbbcaadabddbbdaacdaa
dcdcbdabbaaddbababdbcdadcdddbadbbbbacadacacdcbcbbdacbabbbaaacbdddaadaddacdccbccbdbbbbadcddacccb aadbccbcbcacdcadabdcabcbaaabcbbcbbcaaaddcdcbddaaaccadbdcaccccbabdccacbcadcddbabada
dccaaabbbbacbbdaadacdbdccabcadacdbbbbbbabdbcdcabcadbccacccaddadcbdbccbccdccdabbacdaccbcbcddbbcb bacdacbbacacabddabddcdccdcdbbcaddbaaacbcbdcbddaabcdcaaaddcbdabccbdbbbcaabcabbaabaccbddaa
cbadbadbdaaccbbcabdaccbabdbbaacbbbbbdbacccabcaaaddbdbadcccaaddccacaacbdcbcbbcaaccddbdddccacccd ccccbaadcaddaaaaddaccddabbccdcaaacbbabaabdbdaddcabbabddccadcdbaabbaaabbdbcbcabacbdcaca
dbaacdcdbcdcccabdabdcacddaccddadddbbbaadbbaaabcbabdabdcdbbddcabaadabaaaabdddccaccda bdbddbbcdacaacaaabdbccdcaacbbacabbbdadddccccccdcddbcbbcdaadbdcddadccaabaacbbcacddcdaaddcbdcddda
cbbdaaadcdcddcbaaccdccccaacddbbcacdaaadcbcbadbbbdbbabdcaabbadcbcdcaddddbbbaadbccbacdaaccc abbcdcdcbcbaccbdccccabcdddbddaabbcccddaabaccdbbbddbbcacabbcbccbaddaddaccaddbdcddacacbadcccdcddbd
abcdcdddadacccacdbccabdbcccbabddbdabcbbadabbddccdbbbcabdabcaccadccacaabddbccbdddcbbccdacaddcbddcb aaadaadcbdcdddaabdcbaccabbaddbcdabcbcbbcadbdcbbcdccbbbabbdbdddaaaacdabacdaadbbabbcccbdaaac
acacddcbbaabadacbdcdabaaabbaaabcababbbcddadbaaabbddacbcabdaaaabcaacabaddabcddcddbabcaababdbbaacbd cdbaccdccabbbaaacabccbddaaddabbdbdbabcdaddacddadbcacbbbaccbcdaaddcaabbcdbbabdacda
ccdbaaaccddbbbbcccbdadacdbcdbccccccdcadbdabcaacaddbbcdcbbcaaabccccabbddaccdccabcbccab abcaccdcadbbcbaaaadaaccadbbaabdddadbdacaddbdcdddadaabbcddacabccbabaadcdaaabdcbdcbbcbcd
dabccbacbbcdbabdaacbcccaabbadabbcdcbabaabcacaaaddbacaadcddbbadcbccbdcbdabccabcbbbccabddcbaacccb dabdbcdbddadbdabcddbdbbbbcacdbacbbcbababbacbcddddbdbddccdabbdcbcddbddddcdbcdcaddddcddccbdcbddcd
bdaadbcadcdcdccaccdcbddddcdddcdbaaabcabdddbcccbadadcbbbdcdacdddacbcaabdbccdabbcb daabdcdaacaccadadcaaddbbdcdabdbbbbdabccbcdabacadbcdacaacccbbbbbaccaaccacbccdcaabaca
adbdbdaaccbabbcaabacdcaaaacaaabdcccccdadaabdbcbcdabcdcdbdacdccbcddacdccaacddcadacdab ccdaaaadbdbccdabbdcbabccbabdaaddcaabcadbbddbaacaabdbbdaabbddbbdbcaacddcbaccdddbcccacbabdc
cbbcbadbccdcadcdaadbdbcdcddbbadabcdaacbcdbddcacdbbdaaadaabbaabbbabcacdccccbbbddadaadad ccbcadacbabaaaacacbbcdcadcdbdbdcbcdcdbdcbbccddaddbdcbbbbccbcaadcabdbacddbcdbccdaaabcccbbdabdbba
adaddadcaaccaddacaadcdbdababbdbaadcddbacccbbdbbcdbbabbabcdbaddcacbdadabdbdbdaddcabcbaddaabbdc ddcbdbcccdcbdccbcbadcabcbdcdcadacdbcbbbdbadaacdccadaccccddcbadcccddcbbbbdccccdbaccbbad
dbbbccccbbabddbaaadbdcabdcdbddddabaddadacadaaddccdabccdbbcdbadadaaaaacdbddabadbcaadabdcbcacc ccbbcdabadacdbdccbdbdbabddbccbadbacacdabcbaabcdbbdaacaadadddbbdccddabbdbdcdcaaaccba
dbdacbdbdbbbbccbdbadddcdbdbabdaaacbbdadaccbcabaddcbbccaddddaabbcdbccdbddcccbacbccbcd abddcdabbdcacdacbaaacdcccdbdcbdbbcdddbccdaaabccbacdbbcdcdaccddcccbaadadaabbdaccccabacccacbb
caabccabdcbaccdcacbcdabdaccadbddcbacbbaacacbcaaddabacddcccacccdbddaddddadbdabcccdbdccdda bacdbcdddbabdabbbabbdcbaddbddbbbcdcaabdbaaabdcbdcadcbdabddbbcddccdbcbbacbdccddddacabbabbdcba
bdabcccaaddadbbadcacbbdccadcdbaccdcaccbaabcbbcbbbcbbdadcdacbbdcbcddabdbbbdcaadbdbacdacaccaddb ddccdababbdaaadadaccadcbcddaadacdbccaaaaadadcdbdacbabddbacabaacbbbddcbbbdcdadcacccbc
dbccaadcbdcabbbaadcadbdaabbabacbbdabcbaaacbccdadadcddadccacccabdddcddcadaabacdddbcbddcbcdbabdd cbdccbdaccbbabcdbdacdbdaddbdbdaddabcbabccdbdbacddadcddadaccdbdcaacccbcdbcacccdcada
abcaccaaccbdcccaccdacccbacdbbbddaabaccdadbabccdbcbbddcbadacbbdbdabcbcbdccabddadaabbd bcdacbccbcabbcbdcbacbaabdabababcbabadabccdcbacdcbacacddbaadcacdcabcabadccbaababbbbdbacadbdacbaba
dcddcaaadabbdcbcadacabbbbddddbbcddaaaaddacbdabbcacadcddddbbdbbacdacbdccadbdabaaabbaca caaddadadcdcddbbdabbcbcdadaaddccddbbacdbcdaabacdcadbddbbcadbcbbbdacddbbaabbabdadcccda
cbbbbdadacdabbabdaccdcdaddbadccbdabcbadbbbddccbbdaabbaddadabcacbdcccbadaddcdacddbcdcddccdab cdddbcdbacdababddaabaccadacdccbbbbcdacdbbbcdddcabcdcdabdaacbcbcbaaccccbdacbcdbcbb
dadbcdbcbabdaacbcaaddbdababbcdcdabdadcacaddbbcbbabdbcbcbbbcabcddadddcdabaadccdbcaccaddcccaadacc cccddbcdbcdddcaaccdcdbcbdaacbcdddbbabdcdcbddaaacacdbbbcacbddbabcabaabaacabaddabaddaabadddd
dcddcbbaabbaccddcaadbbbddaadacdbaacaaaccabdbcdadacadbbacdaccdbcdcabcdadbbccbdcacabcdddbbbcacaacbadb bccdaddbccbccbdbabcbcdbcaacdddbbaddcdacbcbccdaaaddbbadcabbbaabbbbcccbdddcdaaddcbddbaccdddbabbabdcac
abacaaadccccbbdbacdcccdcbbadbaadbacddbdddcdbcabdabdcabbaadbadcbacbaddcacbabbbccdadbbdddabddbda ccbbabbacaaaaaddabcbaaadcccaadcdbabcbabacaacddbaaabadacacbddcddaadbbdaddccbbdbaadcaa
cbcbabbacddcbcbdaabccdbabdbdababadacbcdccaadbcabcbacabcdcccdadbddddabacbddbdccdcdcdcccabadb cbabdbcaddbadaabbbcaadaaacbddbccdbcccdcdabadddabdaabddcbbaddacacbabcccbcdabdbcdbdabcccccda
cccdabcdbbabbbdcbdabddbbdbdbacadbdaadadabbccaaaccdcadbcadddddbaabbdbbabdccbbbcdcbcbddcda bbdadadbbbbbbbcbcabdabbdccadcddbcbabcadbcdcbadbcddccbabbcddcacbabbabdaccbababbadbddbcdadadbacb
addaddcccbdbbbcacbbdcdacaadbbabbccdaacaddcbabcbbbcaacbacdbbbcdacbdddcccbaabcadbcbaddacadcabc ddccabcbbbdbaacabacaabcbcaaccdbadcbadcacbdcadacbdcccdcacddcbdcccbbdacabddcddabbadbdac
bdcaaadcabacaaacadbabdbdaaacdbacdcabbddaabdcccbbaddacacbdbbbdccdbcdbdadaddacddadcdcaabaacdacbdabb bcadbacabcdbabcabbcabaaccaddcabccadbabaadddbccbbaaaacacacaddabbcadcccbccacbacbcdccacabd
cbccbabadbcdabdadabbbaddbdccdbcddcbddabaacbddbcaddabbaaabcbdddcdddcbcabddbbdcbbccbbdadb cacbadabaaddacdaddbddbccccbadbdbdacaaddcacadabcaccacbbcbbcabccacbaaaacacdddcdcbbccacbbc
daaccadaadbcbaddddadacddaccbbbacccdaccdccbacdcabbbcabcdcdcbbcacacddbadcacdbbacdaabaadaacdcadcca caaadabbaabbaadccccbbaddbcbdcaccbcaaaacdcabbcadbacdbdbccdcdaddbccbacbadcababbccbdbcbcbabdccccadcc
aadaadbcdaabaaccaadddaaabcacbdbaaacacdadababbbabbccabbabdadddbacadccabaddbcbaaccd aadbbaadadbacaabadbabcabaacdaaadabcdcabadaacbbddcdcbddbadcccbcbbdcbdcdacaabbcbaadbabcacddcbcabd
bacbaccdadacbdcaaddbbcaccbdadbdcbacddbabacbbccaacccbabbabcbbacccbcdccdaadabcabaabaacb ddaaccbaacdbcabacbcccaacddbbdbcdcddccddbbdaabdadccdcacbaccdddacbabacdcabbcaacbdbdbddbbabdbcd
dbbcadaadbdbcdaddaddbdddbadcbccadbabdccdabccddcabadcbaacdcbbabcdabcbcbaababcdccbbcddddcccadccc caccaaccdcbccaccbaabacccaccccccadbbcacccbabddbbbcddddbbaadcbbaadccdbbaacdadadcacabbddadbcdabda
bacbbbcddcbcdaabaadbbcccbdbabcccbbabcbdccddcabaddaadcaadbdbddcdaccdbdbaabcdcbcdcbaadcbabdcacdacc bdaadbbcccddabccaacbcdcbbacbbbcdabdddcaaccadacabbccbdadccdcbbbddddddabbaabcdcbbaddbcbbcbcdccdcbbb
acacdddadbaaaddccdbdbcbdcdcbbaacbbcbcbddddddaacdacacbcddaadbbdaadacadccbcadddcdacabdbadcdcccbbdabda acdcbbabdadacacaccddaddbdcadabcadbcdcbdcbcccabdadcabbadbccaaabbbbdddbbbbbbbdcbccbbaa
ddcabbdadbddcbcbccdadaaabbccdcaacaaacbbcaaaabcdccbacacabdbdadbdabacaddddddabcdddca dbaccabbbbdabcabbdaddbabcdabacaabcddbcaddcbccdaccabdddcaacaccbacddcddcccdbabbbcacdcacaacabdadbacca
dcddabaddbacdbddbbcbbbaacbbdabbdbacbdadcaacaabcbcdcbaccaadacdccabcabadccdacadaaccbbdbbaadcdccacb acadbcbdbbccbccbcabbcccacaddcbcacdaccdabcbbaccadccbdcdcacbccadccaacbabcbccbcaddc
bdcabbcbddbbdbababbbadaccdddbccccdccabbbbbadbdbbdaddabbdbdccadcaaaaccbcbbcbbadaccad adbdaaadbbadaabcadacbdcdbcbdcbccbbaccbadabbbabdbacadaabdabcaadddcdbabccdcccdccbabaadaadabdb
abcdccdabccdcbbabdbbbadabcbdaaacdaacbaabaacacabbcbcddaacdcdcbbbcbbdabdbbddccbadabddddbaccaadb abcdbcaadbdcaababddcdbdacabbdcdcabbacdbcdddcbdabacbdbcdabadcddabdccdacbbcababcdcaca
cadacdcbcddabdaadcbdcddbdbdcbbbdddccdddbbaddbbbcbdbcacdaacacbdbbbbbbaaacadabdabbadabdbadbdbadcbb bdaccdcdabadcdcababdcbbdcaadddaddacdccbddbadbdbbaccbacdcaabcacacaddaadbabbccdacacacbbdcacdddd
caddbacdccadcdbcbcadbcdddccadbcdbbbccbdbcabccbbcdabdddabadacadbbacacdbdddcabcbdabddcaddacacbacdba dddcbddddbacddacbbbbabbcaaacacacaddacdacbdaccdcdabbbabbaabdacdbabcbcdbbbddacbcbddc
bdcbbdcbacbcbaabddcbabdcaaabcdacddaadbdbdbccddddacabadcbdbadccbaaadcaabbddcaccbcacbbaccaaddcaacdaac caacdbdbcdacacbbcbdabcbbbabdcdbcdbbabbdcbdcadacaccdabdbcbbacddabbdbbcbcbadbbbcbbcacabaaadbd
bbdbcdabbbcddcdbcdddacaddcddcadbdddaaccdcdcdaadaacaadddbcddcdadacbcdcdddddabadcbdabaacbbdacbcbcd dadabcdddbaccacdbccdabddbacaddaddbcccdbacaacbdcadbcaadbcaabbcaacaddbddcddddcddbbcddaaabdaaabcdcc
ccdaabccaaaddcdddbdbabbddbdaaaadbbbadaabbcbbcdbbbddbabdadbdbdaadbddbbaabccaabbcacaabbbcacbbba adabadccacbcacbdadcbbcacabccbbbaacbdcaadbddbcbccddacdbdcaadadaaacaacacacdbbcbacbcddbb
ccbcddaddaadacddacbdddabbccdcbdaacabcacbdabdbccaaabbadcbdccdbbbbbcbaabbdbcbdcbcbca addabadbabbadcdddabcacdcabbadbccdacdbadddbbaaabcddccbadcbcaaaadacdbabadaddbaaaabdbcccbcdc
cacacadbdcdbddbbcdddaadbbacbaccccacbdbcdbcacdcababdbcaddaadaadcacdddaaddddaaccbdbbcabadaabdabcc abcbddbbacbdbccbcbbabbbcdcbbcadacdacaacddbddbdbcdbaccbdaaddabdbdaaaacadaaaddadbcddbacccbada
dbbaccbccdccdbbaabcdbddcdcbbcdddddccbaabbcddccdbcdcbbacbbbdcadcdccbbcadabaacbaacdcbccabddbbcddcb aaccbbacddbbadbcbcbaddcdabccadcbdbdadddddccbdccbdbaaabbacbbdaadccbddccbcdccddbccadada
abcaacabadcadccabbbabadcadccbcdcabccacccccbadbcdaabadcbbdbabcabcdaadacbbdaccbbbbccbbabacdddcadccbc ddcbaacbdddadaddcadbaabddccabdbcbcacabaaaddbdbbddacdcabbdddcddccabadbbacacbdcdaccabcaabbdbdcaacccca
acadabdcddcaabbbdbbbbcbdddbbdbccdabcddaabdadadaadabbdddbdbdcbcbabadabbbdddccbddadabdcddbaad caaabcbbccdaccaddcdbdaaabbcabbaacbbacadbdcbcbccdaaabaaacabacaccadadcbbacaaacdcddcdadbcbaaaba
dcacddcdccaaabcbabbccdcaccddaaadbcbcdbdbcdbaaddadbdaddcaccaccbbccbbcbccbacacdabdadbdaccbdcdbbccdcab ddccbcdadabdaddbdabdbadacdbdccbcdcccdddbdcaaddadbaabcbbbaaaabbbcabdbbbddabaaabbbcccbaddbd
baabaacccdaddaddbdaaccdaccdddccddadcddabbdbcdcbdbccbabcabcabadcddccbdccbabdcbdbdabcabaadbdacdbab acdddbabbcddbccaddaaadabdcdcbabbdbbdadbaacabcbcacabbbadbbcdcadcabccbcabbccbccadbbdabd
bcdabdadabdccccbccabcbbbdccdbcadddddcabdaddbaccdabacccaddddabdcbdcdcdbaddddddbdbcdbbadcbdbcc ccaabdadaadbbababbbabacbccdcdbbbacdaccaabaadbdaaabaaccbabddcaddaacadacdacccbbdcbcaacca
babbcaddacadadbabadaadaaaddcccdddddcbaccbcaabbdcbdbdcaabdcddbacbadabcdbabccaddadb abbdddccbbdccbcbbcddadcddbbbdbaaccabcbcadcbdccbbdccdabcdcabbdcdcaadccdbadabddcacdcda
adacbacdbbaddadaacdacbbcdcaaccabdcaadbbcbdbdcacccaabdcdddbbdacdbbcddaacaccaadccbdddad ccbdccccdcaacbbddabddddabcdbccbadadcccdadbccbbabdddbaaabdaddaccaacaacacaddbbdbbcccdaaabab
abcdcdadbcaddacbcabacdaccbcdacbabacbbaccbbcdcdacbcccbacbbdabbabddcbaaaadbaadccaacacbdabccbdddc bdcddadcaacabaccdcacaddabbcbcdcbbbccbcbcbccbaacdacbaaaccbcbcbdabcdcbadcdaabcbdaaccacbadbcbbdabbbdac
caaaaddbbccaaccbcaccaccdaacbaaadbaacddbdbcdcbccdcddcadddcaadbdadbcbbcbdaaccaababcacbcaabadbdd cbcbcdbbbbbbbaaadcbaaadcdcaaccadbcaabddbcbaadcbcabdccdcbabcccbbbbcbcaaddbabcaaab
abbdabcbcdadadcdbcaaaccdcacacdcdaadcbabbcadddddbcadbbdadbbcaadabadbdbacbbbacdcabaccbbac adabaaddcadbbdacabcbabdaabcaadcdcdbbdcdadcabdbcddbccdbccaddbbaabaddcacbdddcaddcadbbdcadadcbccbacc
cdadbacccbabcbbabccdaccdabcdaaddacdcccacacdbcababdcacccababcbcdcabcbdcacbbaacaddbdcaccbbbddcacabdd adbcdadabdbcdcbdabcabdbbabccdcbcbcdabadcdcababaddbcbbbcbbaacadaacadcadcbcaadcdccabbddddbdcadbaccb
dbddabcdacdaccbcdcdcbacddbadccbdaaabcacdccacbccababcdbcbdaabbadaaacdadaccbcaccbbabbdbbba adacaaccabaabbddbdbbcdccaaaddcadacabbbadcbbbacdcdbaaaddbcdcdaccabdcaddccabdcddbdcbcdccabcc
dbdaabbcacccdabaadddabbbcdcbcdccadcadacadddadddaddcbdcadaaacdcbdbdddcabdacbdbbccbdbbdcdc dbcadbbbadacdccbbdcbddcaddaaaddacbabcccbbcabacdabbbabdbbccababdadcbbabaaaabbbbdaabcbdcbcdcbcacacbd
cddabadaaabbaacaacadbbdadddcdccabaaacdcbabcacbbbbcabaabccadbddccddddbcbddcaadbdabc bbbdcaaccbdadbbcccabbdbbaadbccaccddadaadcbabadddbadcdbcccdabdabdcabcdddacdadbabadbaccbdccdbccacdcdd
dcbcdacabdabcdadbdcaaaabddadddbdccdcbaddcaacdabccadbbdbbdbaadaacbbbabcabbcadcbcbbacdaddadaa bbcbbbadbabcbcbbbacadcbbabdcccccaacdddbaabcacacbaacbdbcbbaaababdadadcdacbbbdbbbabacdcababddadcabc
ccaaaacdabbcbdababcbcdcbbacddbbabcaadddcbbacdaccdbbcdcddccbcdaadcdcbcdccdcccdccbaccbbddbacdcc cbbccdcdddccbcdbbacdcdbbcabaadabbbbdcdddbcadcdbbbddababbdbcccbaddcdccdbabdcabdcabccdaaa
dddadacbdcabbdbbaaddacbbddbaabcadadccbcdbacddaaabbcdcabdbbacddabbbdcddccccbbccddaacacdaddab ddbcccbbdbbbaadcdacddabcbdcbdcddacbaccddadcbccaaaccdaacaaabcdbddcdbcccaabbccdcddaabacaab
cdaadbccaacbdbccbbdbcaddbbabbadabcddcddabbacbaabdaacccdbcdcbbbdacadbddbbacaabbcdabbababccb baaaacdbdacbaabbaaaaadccabdbacadbbcddababaacdcadcccacbaacdadddaacdddaaabbdddbbcdadbcac
dbdbacdbadabdabcabbbcbcddaccdadadbacddaabcdcbaabbbbaabacdabadaabbbdbdcabbdddbadcadccbcabbdadcbab bbdbacbdddacadbcbbdaaabdadcbdbaacccbccbbbcbbdbdcbabdddbdacbcccbaaccdbdadacdaadabdbccbaccdddc
aabadbdaddbbdddcbbaacaadacacbadccbcbdacbabdbbaabccadcaabcabcbcbcabbccccaaddabcacccbabddbdbbacaa dbdccbdcdbddbdaaabcbdcbddbdbccdacacbabdadacbbcbcabababbbdaaccdbababcdabbbcabbdadcccccbcaaacacbdbc
dbadbddcabcaddddabdbaddddcbbbdaddcdbdcddcdcdadaccccadbddaadabbcaacaaccbdddacacacc badbbddacaacbcbacaaadabadaabbbccccacddadaacddbaaccabddadcababdadcbddbcadaacbbdbbbaac
babddaccaccaabaccaccbbdabdbdcacdbdacbbadbbcddaaacaabcdbbccaddadcaaacaacaacaadcbaadaad bbcdbddbbacbcbddaddacaccacccccbcdcbbbadcacacbcadcbbcccaadaccbaacbdaccaadacadcdbda
bbdbcdbabdccacdcddcddaaaaadacbbddaacbbaacabacaacddbabdcddbcbddacabdbaacdbcccccdcbcb abccabddddacccdaadcccaabccdbdabdcdcbbadcdabcbdcbbbbdbadcddaabdadabcbabaccabaabccaacacccbabdccbba
ddabccacbcdcccacdabdadbcacdbdccbdbccbcbacbdbdaaabcaaaabddbcadaddcaadadbcbbcdbbabbdadbabdcdacdcdcddc abcaddadaddacbbcaaddabaccbddccddbacadcbcdabbbccdbdaaabbcdcacdaacccdddbabaadcabaccba
bcadbddccbcacccaaaddcaacabadbdcbbbbdbabdbccbdacdabddbaddacadbddbdaacddbaabcaaccddb dbaccccdcdaddadbcdcccbbdaddcbaacacaaadbccabccbcccbbcbbcddccaadcaabcbbdbdbacdccbabccddbdbbddadbbbac
cabcbdcdbadcbbdadcacbbdbddcadacbdcdbdbcbdbababdcdddcabdccbacddddcbadddddccbabacbdbbcbbd ccccaacbcabcadddcdbddacbaccbbabdbcadcbdcacaabdabcadcbbadcbdcadbbbbadbbbabaabcaadadadacd
dcaddcbcaddbcbabcbcaaabcacccccdaaccaadbcdbdacdcbcabaccaacbdabdbddbdbacdadaddbccbdabacbcdcaddbba daabbaaccabbcdcadbdcdddacbdcbcbbbcdcbcacdaddcbaabbbddcabdabaabdabbddabadaacdabcbdbbc
dcbacdbacbccadcabdccccabbbdacaccaabccabdaddabacccccddcdbacacadbdabddcbaacacddbdbbabbbdccddbd cccacccdaabcbbaaccaaaabdaabaacaaabbaaccdadadccdaddaaabbcdadddddbbdacbbccabbcbbdbdbcabaddabaabcda
cddbabbabdacabcaabcacdabbcabbcadbbddabdabbabcbadadbbcabcdcabdcbdbdbacbaacddbcadbdcbadcaadaca cdddadbcacccdccaddaaabbdacadbdcacabcddaaacabcbbdcaccadacbaaddacdbabcabdccaaccbcdbab
bcadbbcbcbdadcbcbaacdbdaacbdbbddbaaccbdbacdbcccacacadbacabbbccddccbadcadddabaadbcbbacdbbdcccbcbbcb ddddaccabbdbbdcacbabdccdbacdadbbbaccbaacacdbbbbbbaddccdadacaaadcdbacccddcbbbdababbcdbdcbdaacdcdcc
acbadbaccaaaddaaddbdbbcdcaccbcdddbbbdaacbadddabcabdbbadbabbbbcabaccbabadbddbcdabdadd cdbcadbaacbbccbbacdcddabcacdccacccddbccabdabaddbbbcbdaacbbdaabdbaaccbabcbaabadcaacdcb
abcadaccccbbacadaadbdbbdcadbabdbdbccccaadcbababdbcbcdccddabccddddbcccbdaccaabbdaa bcadddbbbadccbcaaadcdaaacaaabcdacbcdbdacbdcdbbdbacccbddcbaadbcdbcdbbabccbcdbbaabccbaadaac
addabdaaacddddddcdcaaacdabaabcbdcdddcadbbccddbaccdadbdbdbbdcdbacabcdadbcccccdccdbadcdabcadbdbd addcdbdabababddcbadbadbdbaaaaaababacccdabdcabbdbbadcdaaccaaccbbcbadaaccccacbdcccccdbcdbcaacdac
bdadcadbcbcadaaadaacbcdddaccbcddcbbabcbccbaddbccddddabdbdccbadaddaddbbbbdcdbbcbbbadadabcbbdcc addddcdbcabccbacaddbacabbbdadadcbabdcdcbcbaacdaaacbdbdbadadbcbdadbdcdccbcbbdbcaddddacbd
cabababddbccadaccddbdaaddddaabddadbbccccacacadacbbccaabaddaadcbdaacdabaddbadbdbdacaadbd cbbbcbbdadcacccbdadcaabbcdadbcaacaacbacbbdbbdacabcdcaaacaaabdcbbacadabbbccbbdcadabcbcd
aaccbbaabdcacabbcbadddcbcbbdcccccdddcddcbbabaddbcbbbbaabcbaadcaddadcddccdccdccbc ccdbbcdbaabdbabbbaacadddbacdadcadacbbbcbbabacdcbbbbaaacccacddbcdcdbdbdbdccaabcdcbaaddc
cdbbbabbccababcddaacacdcbddadcbcddacccbcaaddccabbdadcbbccdabdaadacdddaabccbaddbbcdcdddacacbb cccdbdbdcdbabaaaccccdcadaaddabdbdbbdbaadaabdadaccacdbadbaaacbbcdddbabcbcbdcacbbdbdadcc
bccbdbcdccbabaacdddacdabdbcddbbbdcadabaddacdcbcddcddcbdccaaacdccacacddcabbcaabbcbabaacbbcac adccdbadbdcabcdcbbccccdbcabbcbddddbbbbcadcddaddadacbbcbaadbacbacddaaddcaababbbbdabcddabbdbcaadccad
adbcbaccaabdccdcdbadbdadcacbddbcccdbdabaddacaadaacaaacadcdccdcccbadccabdacacdbacbdbdb bbbddabbbccaabbcdacbabddacdacccdacacdaccdacabdcaddbbdaaacbaaabcdaacbccbbccccaabadabaaba
adabcaabcddcbccddbdbaaabddbaaabcdadccdcbdbccbbacbbacbdbbacccdabdbdddacddabaabbdacadccb dbccdbbaabccacbcccbbcbbbabdcbcdcacbccdbdcaacdccdcbbdbabbbdcaddacaddbcdaacbcdbadbdabadcccccb
aaccdaddaadbbddccbcadadaadaadaacaabcccbcdadccdaabdbcacabadcbbaaaddabcbdcccabbdadcbcaadcdcbc bcabdccaddbdacdbaaaadaddabdcbabbbbdaabbdbdabcaabacdcadbaabcccdddadcdcbdbaacdcdcacddbdbdd
cbccdaabacdacbcdcdbbacdadcbcabdbbabaaddcbacbcbacacacacdacbcdabdbbdcdaaacabcbddcbdabdcabacdbdcdcbcb bdcdddbdbaadddbbbcbabcdbbbaddabccacaddadbbabddbaaaacbcaddbadabccbacaabdadaadcdcd
cbcbcadbccadbdadadbdcaaabacacccccdcbbcdcbbdccdccaaaaccdcbbbabdaadcbacdbdcbbcaadaa ddbaddacaaadaaccbddcbaddadcbaddadcdbbbdaaccbbaabdddacbcabaadcbadabadbbbdbcdbcbbadcbccddbaddbbc
bdbaaabbdadcbcacccbbcddbaabadbcadcaabbcbbaaacacdbdbbbdcacbabbdcdccdcacccaddadacbbcbaabccbc dbaadabababcdcabbaabbaaabcdccbcdddbaacddcbaddcdbddbaddaddadbbdaccadcabbcdabdcabdbabbccdc
adabbabbbadddbccbdcabbbacdbcdabcbbcdacddabaaddacbbaaaddcbbdbdadcbdcddbdbddcdbaacaacdccdaa bddbdbcdcaadbcacadcbddbcbaadaabcadaababaabcdabddcdcbdcbcbacabccbbccadabacbdcdbcabcdc
dbbcdbbccabdadaccaabadbbdcdccaddadabccabccabdbabddbdddaabbdcbcdababbaadaccccabdccdadbccccdaacabab adadaabcacbbcbbcdccdcbaabbdccbbadbcbdddaaacaadaaadbcdbcdcdddaddbadcbaabadabbaacddaac
dadccabcdcddbabddbacdaabdddcdccccbbbbbcdddbbdbbcadaccacaacbacadacaadbdbddcdbadcabbdaaddcddacabcbb cdaacbdcdddcacccaabdddccbcdcabbdbbacdcabccadbbcababddccaddadcbdbcbcaabbcbcdaaaadadbadacaaaadcada
cdccbbbabdabdcdbcbcdabacbadccadbddddddbcbbcacddcbcaccdaabaabdbdcbacdaabbcbdabddabdddbbc cbdbcacaccdccbbabacadcbaacdacbcbdacdacdbacaabbcabdccacbdacbddbbcdbcaacdbdadbcdaa
bdaaddcbcaaacaaddbbdbbccbadcbcbddddabbbbaadacccbcbaaaaabdcdcdbcacdaadacbbbcbacdbb adddcaacacbdddbbbaadbcdcccccaccdcaacdbdcaaadbaacaabdaaaddadccccbbddacdbddccccbbdcdddcaaddccaabadcbb
dacbbdabbdcbadbbddcdbcbcabbaacdcabccbcdbcdcdaaadcddddddadabacaadabddabbdbcbcbdbdbcc bcdbdbdddccacaabcbacdaadacddcadbacbdaaaccccddadadaddcbbdabbabdbdcddbbcbcddbdccbabd
cdadcaccdabaacbadccbbbddcccbacdbbaaacabbbcbdcdbaddccdcabaccbbbaabcbdcddbacacdababdcbddbcadbbaddb abdbccbdcadbbcdacdaaccabcabacddbdabaccbdcdcddbbbadbadbbbacdcbcdcddcdbaacbddddaabcbd
aadacccddbccbacccabddaaabbbcacabbbddabdabdabbaacbbdbddaadcccdabacbbbbccadbddcbcdbabaadd acadabbbbdbdadbbbbccdbdbbcbdaccadcabbddcbbdcbbadbbbadaadcddcbbabacbacabdbcdbabdadbbcdcbbdabdadd
dcdbddccccbccaddcbaaaaccbaacbcbacdbaaadbcaabcbccdbcbccbaaaabcabbbccbacadddacbdccacccdddd bdccdaabdadabadaccddcaaabaaabdbdabbcaabbabbcabaddabadccabbdbbdccdddddaaacadbcbccccddaccccbbc
cdbcdbbdbdccdaadddbccdbabacbbdabcdaabbbacaadcaaddbbcdbccddbdabcbbcbdcdadacdcabaaadccccabb bacadadabaddbcaadcacdcbdaacdcacbdadcdbbccabadcabbbadccddadbbdccadabdccbdcadbbbdcbbcaccdddbcb
bbacbaccddcadadbadadccbbdcddbbcadadadacbbbdccbaadddaccccddadcdadcacdbdbabbdaccacdaabddcdca bbdaabcaaccaabccbbabbcbcbadcddacbbabdbdbbbdadbabbcacbbcbbddbddbababaaabccdcdabcaacbcbbcccccb
cbdaccaccbddddcbabcbabddbaacaccdacbcbdadbcdcacdabcbddbbaaccdacabdcaadcbadabcadbaabcc aaabbbacbaddddccdabbbdaaabbbdaacccbdbacabdabcbbcdbbdbbbaaadaacdcbddccbdbdcadddadcaabcabbabda
cbaadbaadbacaccadbabddaddcabdbdbdcdbcdadacddbcdaabcaabbccdbaadbadcdcdcacaaddbacbddada ddcbdcacdbaaddaccaabbdadabdcddcbdaccaabbacdabdadcaacccbaccdcadcbddcbcdaaadbbcbdbdbbad
daaabbbabcbdbacddbccabaadadaccccdbcdcdcdcdbccddcdbbdaacbddbaabcddabbbdcaaaacaabaadcdddcbdcadbabdb bbbbbbbbbacbcbcaaddbbccccacbbdacccdcdabdcbcddababbdcbddcacadadacccdccbdbdbcbdacbbbbccbabcbccbddd
cbaccbbbdbddbbdacadcbbdaacbccdcddddabacdabdbcaddbdaaccadabbbbccbddaacacababbbaaaccacadabdcd accdccbacdcbccbabcbbbdcdccdcccbdccbbdcbbbaacbcadddcbcbcdaacaddabacabacacaaccaabaaacdacdabb
adccababbbdaadcbdbabadacdbdddaaacbabdaaabbbdadcddbbcdcdcdaaabadccabcdbcabccdcbcadddcaaddbb dbdcbbadabbdbcdbddaabcdbcacccaaadacbbcdbabccbbbccdcddacbbaacbaaabbbddadbcbdccbbcdaabbdccbcbdcd
bbababbddbdadddbcabadbcdcabcdbdbdcddbacaccbdbcabcdbbbadbddcbaaabbddbabcabaaacadaacbbbaa dcbddbdacdcdcabbccddcbdbddbdbddcdddddbddacdcbbcbbcdaaccbcdadcdaacaccaaaadaccbbccbadbabcd
cdaccadcdabacbabddbddaacacdcdbbcacaabcccbbdbcbabccdaaddaacacdabcaccdbadbcbbadbbddcdaabdbaccbcbadba cddbdbcbadbacdccddadcddaaddccbadddcbdabaddcdbadbbbbbcbaabbdaabbbcdbdbccaccaaadbbdacaccbbaddc
ccacdabadcccdccaddbacdbcdababbbccaacbbaacccbbbbaabdaabbcbacbbdacbddcdaacbabcaabbabbcbcc badbadbcdddadadcbdbcacadbaaccabdbdabdababddcacddababbdbcdadbcacbcbdbbbbcacdabbdbcdb
bdabccacbdadcbcdbddcaadbdadddddbcadbbbdadbadbaaccdbdadaddcaacadddcdabcbddbadcaab ccabddacdcadbdbbbaddacaaabbbabbddcaaadaadbdabbadccacabcdabdbadabddbbaabccadaabbcaadaaaabbbbbaabdd
cdadaacdddcadddbacdcbcabdcccbccddbddaacbaabadaccddccabcacbddcdbadaacbdaccadaaddaacdbdcdbcad aaacaabcabaabccabdadcbdabbbadcdaaaaccdbaccdcaaabacbabbbaaaadbdcbdbadadbccddacdbaaa
baabccbcdadbccbcbbcbaacbdbbadcdcbdadadcaadcddbdbcbcbbacacbacbcbddbbdadabbcabadaadaa cbdcddabcddbbbddbcbbcbcaacbcbddcacdcacbbcdaabcdbadcabcccabddddbccdbbabcdcacbcccdcbcabbbc
ddddaabcdbbbacbdddbcdabdbaaadcadbdaacabacddbacadabcbcadcbbdddaaacbcabbddddbaabcc aaacbccbccbdddcbabadbcacbcbadbbdcccacdbdadddacaabccdcacbaaacdcdcdbddadccadbbacdcbaccdcc
acdddddcdbdaaabdaacbcaadddcbadddcdabbccbbbbcdacadaadbcaaccadccdbacbbacbabbcddccbbacdbbcbdd bdbacadddcbbcbadabbadbacdbccbdbccbbbddcbbdcdcdcdabbadbdddcddacaccbcbcacddcabcaabdcbdb
acbadbacbabdbbbbbbcacbbcdaddabadbcdabcabacabaddabbaacbdcdcdccccadddcdbbdbdbbbadbdbadbdacabcddbddd cadccbdbcdaddacaaadccdbaacaaaabdbbdbcacdbbdadbddabbabbadbdabdbbdcdbbaadaacccadbbddaaacbdbbbdaacbaca
caaddcccccabadaabddaddcaaabcacbabdaddbcbdddcbcbcbbbbaabcbabcacbaaccbbadacbbdbdcdadbaabbcbbddbcaccdb bbdbcacbdaddbcabaaccbcbbdacaaacbdbcbcdccbdbaabdbabbbabcdbdddccbdddaaabcdccccadcccd
dddbcacbdddacbcacaccabbaadadbacadacaacbbbbcdbadcdabaaddaaadaccccdddbcdaddddaaddbccabbabbdcdccdadcd caacbddccabbabbadbbbccaddbdbccaabcbcadcbacaabdbbbbcacaabcdadbbcaccabcaddddabbaacbcbdddbbdcbaaad
ddbbcadaddcbdbdcabccbbdcadcdcabddbaacccacdcdbadbdadadbabaccbdadddaacbdadcbdadabcddccbccbaacdcabbbb cabbbbbbbbaaacdbabcacbaadcacccbacdcbdcadacddabcdddbacddbcddadacdddabdbadbcadadbabcdcddcaabbdcacdd
bcbbddaadbcadacbddbaabbbbaabbcbabdcbcabdaccddbcbcddabbbcabcdbbcbacaddaadaddcaadaaaadacbccad bdccadcaadcabcacdbadcadcbacbcacabcaaacaccaaaaadabbcccabcdbbbbacbdbdadddacdaabcabccccc
bdbbddbddcddbabdbcddcbcbcbdbadaddddbdcacabcadddcaccadccbdddabdbaadaaadabcbababcabdbcbbaccdbaa cdbcaddabcbcbbadcbdcadbcbddccdaddbbaadcabcdddadcabbaaacdccacddaccccdccadabdcadaadddacbca
ccdcacbdbcddddacaabcaddacbbaccbbdbbccbcccadcadacddddbdcccdcdadbccabdbbaaccddadaa abddcdbaddaccddccaabadcbcbddaacbccbbdbbadbaaadabaaaaabbacabbadddbbadbacadcdabcdacdccb
acaddbdcacbabcbddcdabdcdbdbcbdcbdcdabddabdcaaacacaaacccdcdbddadcdbccaabdbbcbaaaccabdbdddc bdccccdbcbdcdaadcbbbacaacbcacaccaddacadadbaacaabbbdacdaacbccacdaabdbbcbabcbccccdbbacaaadabbcbdaaccb
bdaccdbadcddcddcbaaacaaddbabcbbcaadbbbabcbdacadcccdadbaadcdaabbdaacbcbdcccbbadbaccdadaacddcbcbbdcb babbaaacddaabcadccadabcdccbcdcbdccabbcdcbdaadbacdbbacabcbcaaaacbdbbdccdbbcdccaabcddcaa
dbdccdabaddbbbaadabcdcdbdbccaaabadcacdaacdccaccbbdbddacbacdadcdbabcaadadccbaacbdac cbdacdbbccbbdcbbcbcbacbbcdabacdcbdbadbdddabdabbdbdabcbcdabccdbadcaabcbbbabcdcdbdbbbb
babcddddacbaccacadddadcccababccabdbdadadaacacbbcadaccdadcbabcabbbbacacbbacbdabdc dcdaabbcbabcadacddadcbbacabaabcbcbbbbcbbbabdadadcbdaaccdababdbcddbcdbaaddbadaaabcaddcbcdaccc
dcddaacabdadaababbbcbcadbaccbbccadcbcbadddaaababbcbcbbaadcbbdbbdabdbbabbcacdccacacadaac aabcdbadadaabbcdaccbcdbbcdcbaccbcdabdcddddbddcccdaccaabbcacdcccccacbabbdccbbaadbccdaaccabbbbccd
ccdcbaadacacbaacacacbadcbabdababcabababcdbddcaaccbbcacacbdabacbbcbbdabcbbbadabccddddcddbcabdbbbdaad dabcabcdcbbcdadadbddbbdbdcccadcadadacbbbbcadcdccdaaabdabccbbcddbbbcbacbbadaabbbbabaadcbddacb
ccaddccbcdacdcbcddadbbadddccaddabddccbabadbbdbaadaddaadcdbdbcaaababddbddacbccbcadadaab dcccbaabdbdbbcdcdbddbbdbabdccdadcaadbcaddccbcbdcbacccddabdbdcdabdbaacacbabadbcbaddbcdcbabcbac
acdbbbccaddababcaababdacabbaddbbdcadcccbaaacaaabbabdacbdaadbcacabbabcdddaacaccdccadbbcccccbadb ccaaaaccbaddbbdaccddaaccbbbadcdbcbcccbbcbbcbdddadcdcaabdccbbcccdbadaccdacbacbaabadcdad
abbbdbaadccadcacdddaacdcabcacaabdaaadbbccdbdccbbcdbbdccacdcccbababddadadaacccdbbdcbadabcbb cbbabcaccdddbbcaabdcdcbdbdbcbbabdabadcacbbbcbbcbbdbadaaadabbcbdabbcbcadccdbbcdbbcdbddb
cdbbbaaabaadbabdacdabadbddbcacbabbabddaadccbbdbbddbbdaccbccccdccbccdbccacbadcbccbacaaad dccbacbdaababadbabaaaadabbbbacdbcdaaaabddddbcaaadbbbabbadbcbdacaabdccbddcaaaabdc
bdabdbcabccbadacddbaaacbabbdaaabbbdddddadddcacbdbdbbcabcaabbbccdbdadbbabdbaacbbaabdaabad babbaacccdadbaabcbaccbcaddcbabccdcbbbabdbdddcbbddbbdddaabdcadabbadcdaadaccabadcccaadcbacdbcbdbbcbc
aabacaaacadccdbbabaaaaabcabcbbadcdacdbcdcbadabbbadadcbadcaaadbbabdcdcbaabdbddcddacadbbb caadddcaaddddddcdabacabacbcccbbcacbdacdcdaccccacbaadaabdddbcaddacddcbdcabbcaadaabccbddcdbbd
aadacbdccdcbaddcdbddacbbcadccabbbbdcaabdbcccddabccdaccdbbbadacbccabbddcdcaddbcbaabbbcdcddad adbbdbabdacdddcbbcabcdbbbbabbababdbdbbacccbcccbbcddbbddcccadbbcccbcddacdcccacbbddccdbaadadddcdc
bacabbbdabddabbcaacadbdbbddadbdcbadbddccccdbcbcbbaddcbdbdaddbadcaabcdcccdbbdbdbabcdadaabbccaccc daababcaadbbacdddbcbadababbcbbccaaadbccddddddccbdacadbaddabbbcacdbbbaccdabcdccdcbbdcdabbdbb
dcdcadaccbcdbbccbcacdbadaccdaddcdccbabaddbadbcaacabcbcccdbccdcabcacdcccdabdccaaadc bdabdadcbdcacaaadddababbcdbdcdbcaccccbbcabcaacaabddcacdbacdcccdcccaadbbcccbbdddcbcadbbdadb
abadcacdbddcabacbadaacbbbbdaccdacdddaccbcddcbbdcdacacbacaddbbdddaacccbaacbabcbcbbcbacb acbcbaacdcdbdcdcbbcbdcbacbbccdcadaadaddabdddbcbadaabcaccaccbcdaaacaaaccaaadabbcddcccbcdcabc
abdcbbadacbaabdbdabaaddccacabbdbabdacbcdbabdddcacbcdaabbbbabbdaadabcccddaddadacbadab bbcbdddbdbdacbdcbbacbcacabbaddcadddcdabddbabdbbaccadaacaaccbcaaaadccdaccabccaadb
addaadadcbbadbdaaacacccddcbdcccabbcbabbbbbcbabcbcccccaabbadbdcbacddbcdaaaddaccacdabb ccbbaccdadbdaaddadbcddababcbdbcdacaccddbbacacddbbcdccaabdcbababcdaadbabbdbdcdbdcbc
dddccacddcdadcbbdcbdbdbaacaacbaddabbdaacbddcbbabbababcbcddbaabbabcaaadccddaccdcddadd badbcdbaddaaadccdcacaddcaadddcbacdcdbdbdcddbdddadbddddddbbbccdbbdbccacdccdadbaccadbacaacbbc
baaacdadcbcaaaccdaddbbababbcbbbddbcdcbcabcbacbacdacbccbdbbddaadabbbcbdbdddbabdbdbccdbdaacbbdccdab cbbdacaabdaacacadbaaaccbadaadaccdbaaadaacadbcdbdbcaabaabddcdcbaabdaccccddcbccdccbacd
dcbabadcaaadbdadaccddbcabddaabccbbaccbdcdbdbabbbdbcddcddcccdccbbcabdabddccadacdaccbdabccdaa baddcacaccaddcdccdadcacbadbabadabaadbbbadccaddbcaccadaaabadcbaabaaacbbbabdcccacbdbcacbd
cdaaacdbdacbbdcaaabbdcdaadbdaabbdcdddccdaccbaadabdacdddcccaddbadbcdddccaababaacacaddbcdcdbddacba accaadabdddddbbcabbdcbcdbcdbbabbabdabadcbddcacaacbaacbcacccbddadcbacacdbbdbaaadccdcadc
cbabbcddababcdcdaccdcbabcbddbdbabdaabbaaadabbccadaaadcbaadcabbddbabccdcadabdabbdbbada acbccaaabccbdabbcbadbbbcaaccdabdcbbdcdadcabbaadbababbdddcdbdabacacadbcdabbcaddca
bdbdaddcdbccccbbddaccdbdacbbdcdaabadabcbcaaacbbccaabddcdaadadadaabddbbbbcbcdbcaa ddcccacbcbbcccbacccbddaabbbdcdadbbacddbadbbaadddbdabaaddcbcbabcdaacddcabbadbdaadcaacdacaba
cbbabacccacbdcdcdcbdbbbcadccdcbcbccadadbadbdbcbbbcddccbdbdbaacbccdddabcbadcdcdadadaaccddbcddabaa abacccccdbaaaaaacdabadddbbbaababcccaadcddbbbadbabbaabdccbbacdccbcaaddbbbabdbaddcdda
dcdacdaabaadcddbdcbdacdabbdacaddccbaaabccdaddcadbadcdbacacddaccabdddccabddbbcddadaadddc badbddcdcadcdaadcaccdaabdcbabdcbdddcabcbdccddbdccccbdabcdbaaaaacddbcccccbbdcbaadbdaaacdaadbbaab
babccdadadddccacbaacdcabdbbccaacbcdacbdcbabcaaaabdbabdbcadacbcdabbbdbadcaddbdbcadcccab cddaddabbdcdbdadbcbcdcddcaaaaabaabcdbdddcccaaaadddbbddbddddadcbdaadabbcacdcdbababadaddbd
cabbccbcdaccddaabddccbcddacddadabacaccacabbbcabbcadcdcbbdaadbaacbccdcbacdcbdcaddbcc abbbacdddcdaacbabbbbccbdadddcacdcccdbdcbdbdbabbacabdcaddcbdcacaadcdccbdbdccbbdadcdacccdbcccabdbbbd
bdacccbcbdcddbdbdbcabbacddbbaabbbaaacbcadcbcdbbabbacccaaadaaabdabbbbabcadbbcdaacadacacaabbcdb bcdcadddbaabacbabcacbddbcaaaabbdddbaccbdabcbacccddbdbdddaddbdcbaaccdcbdcaddaaacbcbbbbaddcaababb
dcaabcadcdddabcdcbaaddcaaccccadddddaddbbbbcbaaaacaaaccddaccbdcddbcdacbcadcdbaccadcaadcdcbbaaac babddadbbbdcabcccabdddbdaacddddabbcdabcbbabcacddacaaaaabbdddaacbcabbabaababdbadcbaddbcbc
ddcaaddccaaddababbbcabccbabbbaccddcccdbbbbdabadbdadcadbaaaadadaabaabbacbcdbdccaababa dcbcbbcabddadaaabbbbacaadcbdabcddbcabdadadacadbcaaacabcacdbdacbacaadbaccacbdacadddcaaacdbddc
bccaadccbbabaddacacbbcadddaaabcdcccbcabbbadbdcbccadcdccbcddcabdabcdcdbbdacdaacdad bccbddbacadadbdbaacdddcccddaababaaccbaccccaabbaacdcddcaccadcbbdadbdcdacdddbbbacaab
ccacccdabcacacdbbdadbbcbabdddbcdbaabcdbbdbbcbdbccadbbccdbcbdcbadadbcbbdcbabaabdcbabaab bcdbaccaaabdadadbadbcaabdcdaaadaacbcaabdbdaaadbbbbabddabacdbcabadadbbaabbbdccdcbccbcdbbdac
cbbcbbbdabcbdaabcccaababdcdabcabcabcbbaddaaccabbbcabbbbcdbbaacaabaacabbddcaadddbcaaabddaabdbbbbbba acbcaccaaacabdcacabacbcaabccaccbbccabbdbadadcadabccaadacabdadadbadcddddcadbdcbdbdb
cdcbabcbaacccbbcaadddcabdbdacbdddbdbcccddaaddddadbcdbabdacbbaacbabcadbbaacdabbbbcdabbbdacacdcdddba bbdcbbaabbaccacbccaddcbadddadccaaacacbaaadbcaabdcddaacbdadbabbaccacdcbbbddcdaabcadbddbddbcbdddaab
acddabadaadcadaccbabaacccbaddcccaddcadbdacadbbdbccbabcbdcabcadabbdcaabaacacbdccaddcdabcccaabaabdd dcbbcbcabcdadacaaccbbbccbcdaaaddabcbbadbcaaddaccabdbdbadccdbbcbdbbbdabccbadbddcb
addcccabcbdcbbddccabddbddddcddbaccdbccdadabcbbacdcacaddcddcaadccdacbbabccadcacbaacbccb adcbbadaccccabbbdcacbacdbcadcacaccdcbccadcadccccbadcdabdabcbcacbbadcacbddacadcaabbaacbbabdcbcca
dbacbdcbabcbbdadabcaccbbbacdaccdabadcadccdaacabdbaaccbacdaabbdcadcabacaddabcaaadcbbabbaabcdd abbdbbddddbbdadcacbdbdbaacaaabdbaccbbabbadccadadbddbccccaaabaaaabbbbcdcbaaddaddbcab
cbcdcacacbbaadddbcbabddcaadcabdbaddcdabdcacaddccdabbbadacbbbdbbbacbdaabbbabbdbbdabacdabcbbcbdbcbdb bdbcbbccdaadaccabbdabcdcbccdacababdddbaadcdbbdbaabacbcabdccdcadaabdadddcdabdbcddddcadadbddcbb
dacadbdcacbacacccbabdbbddbbbaaddaaaaaabcacdccddaabadadbaddddbdcdaaccbcccbccccddaccdbcaccccccadcddb accabddbdabbaaacaaddaacacabbbdabdbddcccadbacbcdcbbcadccbaddcdaababcccdcbdbbddbbccbdb
cabcaadcbcdaabacbadcdcbaabccdccabccaaccdbbacccbaddcbcccadabacabbdbcaddcaccbddcbaaad ccbbadacbcddbccdcbcbaaacaaabcddbbbdcdbbddcbdbadabbbabacacaddddddaabbaaadcdcabadcbbcddbabdbadc
acdccddadddbdabdcadddcaaaccabccaddcbdbcdbdbbcdabcddbcdddbbcddabaacddababadbddacdacbabcdcacba cbdacbbadadaddccbcddbbdacdbaaaaabcbcaddbddacddadcbadabbdabcadbaadcaddabbadbccbcbadaa
bcbcbdabcbbbdddbacbcddacbbbcccaccdcadaabdabcdccaddccacaaddbaaacdcddacbccbdacaabdbbcddacac dcacccbbaccccbdbcdcbbcaabdacbddccdcddcbddbaabcadbaabcabbbcaadcabcccadcccdbdcbbbadddabacbbadd
acdbcadbccdbccbabbdbbdbbdabbddddaaaddaacbacdddabbbbbbabaddcaadaacadccbabcccdbdbdcdbdadadab addbbdcbaabbaddcabcdbbbcdacbdbcacdbbaabababcbaddcbcbcdcdbcdcbbdcbccdbbdcccdddddbaaaab
dbbbaddcbaacacddbadbcbcdabbcadcddababcddadbdbcbdccdccbdcccdbbdddadccabcadadbbaaadbabdacabb cbccbcbbadaabcdddbacabbdacabcdcbaabdaabcdacbacbcdbaaabcdcaccdaadabacabdbdcbaddbadcddccbabcccd
bcaabaabdacabdacdddcdbcccacdcdaacbdcdbdcacdadcaddcdaddaaacdbabdcbaabcbbdaaccbdbc dcaacdccbbcacabddcacccdddcccbcddcbbdcbcccaccadbbabddaacbcddaddbbaacdcdbaccddcbdbccdcb
bdccacbaccddbabbcbaddbbcddbaddabcaabababaacddbbbcabaacaabcdbdccbcccdbbbdcbaaddcdcbcbbdbbcd acbacdacaabacabcdadbababcddadcdccbadccdcbbddacbbbbdcddbcdcacaaaccdadacdbcdaaddccacdcbdaccadcaccbcc
cabcbadcdadbacdcaabbbbacabddcbabdaaadcabcbadaadabdbabdaadcbabdabdcaadbcdbaabaaaddaaacaccbcaaabbd acdbcdcdbddcdddcadcdadbbcaddaabdaabdaaccaccaddcbcbacbbbaacddbbdcdbcdbadcabccadabbdaaaacab
caccaaddccbcbbdadbbaddacacbcbaaaaddcbdddccddbadcdcddbcacbcbcaaaabadccbccadcaaadd cdaddabdcccdabcadcccaadbdddadaabcaccbbccbbaadcccaabbcccbabdaabacaabbcddbdcabddccaccdadc
dabacaddcddadbbccdadccabbdaaaaabbacaabcbbdbcbccabcdacababcacabdcaaabadbbacbdaadcccaccaadabddacaddd aaabdbdacdbbabcbcaadcdbdbdddcdbddaadbbdbaabdbbacbddbbadcbdcdbcbbdbcaaabadcbacaad
bacaaacaacbaaaacadbbacadcbbddbadacdddbaddacabdaccbbdbadbccbdcdcdbcbaaadbbdcacadc adbaccdbcaddabcdaababbdabcbccbcabadbccdccccaaccadccacadbadcccbaaddbbbdaddacdcacccdb
ccbaddcbdbabcacbcbacaadbdcaacbccbddddbcdadaccdaadbbccdacdabacbcdcdadcdaddabbacca accabccadaadaddccdbcaaadacbdbbcabdcacaccbbbbdabbbaacbbdabaacabdcaabcdcddddccbdababaabbbaddcacbbbaaa
ccddadcbccdacabddabbdaadacdaccbcdbdacdbbdaacbccdddccaadadaabdcddadcdcddcbcdccdcbdcdbcdbcdadbbdd cbcbacddacccbaddcbdaddcabbaddddbbdadccccddbacaacbbacbaddccdcbdadbcbcdaccccddbacddcbcabd
cabbaddabdbadcdaaacbbcddabaabacccbbacaacacccaaabcaadabdcbbadcbbbcdbadbbbdadcbaabb bcaacbdccaaabcdabdbaacdcabdcdbaaabdbbaacbcbbddbcaacccbcbcbaaacdababdaccbdcbbacbcbabdadcd
dddadaacbdaccddcaabbaacbcbaabcdaccdbdbcdccbbbdaaccdaabddaabbdcddcacdddbcbdacddabdbbcbdbbbcbbddab abcaadcbdcddbccacadbcaddaacadcaabdcdbacbdcdcccccbcbbcacaccacdcabbbcadaccdccaccbcbacdcbaddbcaca
dcccbbccadddbdddcccccdabadaaaabbaabcdbbdbddbbbabbcbcbccbbcabbaccadcadaabcbccbdbcdacbab dbabbbbdcbbacaddbdacddaddbdddaacabdacacbadabdcbcabbbccdaabaabcccbbbaaaadaaacdcdcd
bacdbbcbabdcabccdbdcdabcdcbdbdadabbbdddddadbccadcbcacbcdddaacbcdbabbbcbdbddadabaaaadbacbad bdcdadabbbdcdccdcaadabcbdcadabdbbbcddcabdadddcadccacdcaccadabbbccaaadbcddddacabbabdbddbb
bbbcdddccaabdbbadadaacaabdbaabcbdbbabadbdaaccbaabbbcbacbcdbbadddaacadcddabdcbbdcacbdcbccadddddca baacbcbbdabbdccaddbaabaabaaddaababbaccbdadddbbaddabacbbcacdabacccdbbcdcdbdccbdaabdacabdddadccacabdc
dabadbaacadabcbbbdcdbbdbbbaccdcbdbbdddaddbcbaccadcdabdccabbabcbbcddbbaaaaccccacbababdabbbd bbcbadadaccadadbdddbcacdbdcbbcdcdbddcaacadcbacbcacacddccbbacadbccadcbbababacadca
ddccadbccbdccacaacddbcbcbadccbbdbacbaddbcdcdccdaccaaabbbddccbadabcbccabbbbddddcbcacaccacd badccadbdabbcbdbbbbdbadbcccdaacbabdbbbbbabddbadbbdbbccbbddbbaaaacaabdccbbdcacacdbcabddababdddb
dbccddcddabcdcaacbadbdbcdddcddcabbdaaaabccdcaabaadbdbdbcabcdcbcdcdadbbbcbcbadaacababaabdcacacaadbbb ccbddbabbdccbacdaacaccadcabdbacddccddcaabdbddbadabdabbabbddcaccadadaccbcaadcddaaacad
bcccbdbdacdbaaacaddabbdbdbdbacccccaacadcbbbaccaddcbbbdbbaaaaabbbbaadabaaddbaaacbaccadabcccaadc cdacdddcacdcacccddadccbccaccaabdaccdbcabbaddcbcadbaabbbcdaccbbcddbbddacdbdcbdcabdccd
abcaddccbabcdbcbdbbabccbcccbaddacdbbbbdabdddbcdacbdacbdcabdddcbabcadcccbbbbcbaacdaccddddbaabda acaccccdbaadacbabcaccdacdacdcbcdacccdaccdcadcccacccccccdbcaabbacdbddddbbcbccbbbccadbdbbbacdc
bdbdcdcddbacddbadbcddabdddccacdaadbccbbbcabcdabdcdaccdacaaabaadabdbdcbccccaababaccbcccdccdcdaccccb daccacdcaabbcbdaccbdadacdcbccacbdddcbdadadadbbaadaacdcdddbadcacabdbbbbaabadbdadbbdc
cdaacccaaddaddbdaddadabaabbccbbdadcddbbcdaacddcbddaadcddbbcbcacdbdadabdccaabdcbddcca bbcdddcbbcacabcdcbcbccadabdddabccaaabdcaaacccacdabcdadbcbdaabbbbcaddbcdabbcbbadb
dabaabacbcaddbbddaddccabdbdaacbacdcadbaabbcacabaacdbbbabdaadbaaaadcadbaccabbadaadddcdaddbabacdd bbabcadabaddbdadbadbbcdacaacdcdbddbacdbddbaddbbcaabdacaaabacdabcbaccabdbddcdcdbcbaabddcbbbdbaabbddc
cdaccacdbdbcacabadabadacbdcabaddacbabdabaabcabccacccacdcddbbdbbddccacbabddcbdadbbcaac ccddddaddcaddaaccbddadbdaaabdbbcacbdababcccadcdacdaadaacdcbaadaabcdbaccccbbadadbcdcadbdcc
daadbcbcdaccdddcbaacaadaadcaccdaccbcbbcddbaaabcacbddadaaccddaadadaaddcabdbddadbaababbcbc bbadcbacdcdbabdbacbdacdaaccdaaccccadddacbabcbbdbccacbbcaacadadadacbaabadacdccaaacbbaccacdbcbbb
dcccdcabcdabdabddccacadacacbdbcccbdacbdaccbccbdbccdbcababdbbcbcadcbbddbbbacdddcdbcddcd bccbaabdccdcbccbaddbadcbcadbacdbcdaabdbdcabacddaddcddcbabccbababcaadabadcdbaacabcccdd
dccbbcacbaadddbaaadbdbcababccdcbcdacbaddcbcccaadcbddbcccccbcdddacbdddcbcbdcaaaacccaadaccacbcab acacdccbdbddabdcbbbccbaaabdadaccacacdabcbcaccddcabaacbbcbaacdaaacacbadbdbbdbcdbcadbdbdcaabc
addacaddbbcdccbbaaccbcabdaacdbaddcdacbbdaabcdccccbddbbbacccbcaadbaccdbcaaaabbdbcacbbcbdbcd cbaaaccdaddbdacbcbacdbadadbaacbdaabbbdababdccbadcaccdaccdacdacdbdccdbccaabcabcadadaa
cdcaddcddcccadaddbccbcdbddddabcdcdacadbdbdbbbaaacaabccacaccadcabcbacbbbbdaaaddaccdabadabdacccbdacda dcbadadcdbaccabccbcdddbcadadddcbcacdcaccbacdaabacaaccabaccaadcbcdbcdddbcabaddcdbdabc
addbccaacbbbbccdcbdbccadadccabacdcbabbdaddcdbdddadbdbddbcbcbbdccbccbaccaddabbaacbdbdaddabcccbbcdc dbcaccadcbdcaccddccaacacccdbbabcbdcdbcdddcddccdaaddbdbddcadacdbbdacddacbacacbcac
ababadcdcdcaccdddacdbcdcacadccdacccbdadcabaaadddaababababdddbcacabcbbccbccaaacbbcabbabcaaa cbcbccdabcbacbcacabaadbcbbabcdcacbdcbcaddbdcabdaacccdcaccabbdaadcabadadaabcbcccbdaadaadabaacac
abadcacbcaadabcddadaacadbbdccacbaabbaddbccdcdbccacbbbcdacaabbbdcbabbbbaaaaccababdbdacdaadbb accbbbaaddcddccbabbadddbcacccbabbbbbbaccdcabbaacccdacdbadbddbcaddadbdccdaadcabadcacacbdaccabc
baababcbbdbddadaaaabaacdaccacddddcbbcdbbbbbdaacbdcccdcddcbbbadbbadbaddbbaccadaddc dbcddccbadbddbbbbbcdbdadbaababbaaccdddbbcdaacccccabdcaaadbaddcdddddcdacabdcbaaadacadddcdccdcbd
baabbbccccdaabbbcccacaaaabacbbabcbdcdaabdbddacbcdbbbbdcbadcccababadcaacbcbcaddadcbaabababdd bbbadbdbddbbcbdabbcdababbabbdbcabaacaacaabadddbadccacabacadbaccacdbbdadcbcadcabbbacda
bccdbaaacdddbbdbaaccbdcccddcadaddcddbbcbcddbcacdddbccbcbbdcbdbcbccddbaabadbdbdbaabbdca cccacdaadabaddcdbadbcabcaadbbcbcbaacdababcdbcbccaabbcbccbddcaacdbcadadaaaccbabacdacddcdddcdcbdcbbb
babdbabbbddabbaccaccadadccaaadcddaccccadcabbdcbabcbddbdadbdcbbabadbaabadcabcbdbb abaddacaacbacdcdaccdddaddaabaaaadbaaaaabbbbbcaacdcdacdddbabacadbcbcababcbddacdccb
abbadbccbacdccddbcbaddccbcccacddadddbaacddaaaddbbacadbabccabadbacabcdbdcccabcacabbcab dbccdcddbdaacacdbbaddaccdbaadcdabdcaacbacbaddbcabdaaaddcdccdcbdaaabbbadbaaccbacbc
bccccbaaabdbdcbcccaccccacbdbdccbccadbbbcaccdabddcccbcacccabdaadcdbddbcbdacddbcdbcddacddcdc cccbbadddcbdbdbbccdcdaadccdccbcaaabcccdddbabdcbbddbcabccaaadcdbaadbcababbbcacdbccdadbddbcdcdacaada
ddacddbccbcdcddbcbbcddcdbdbdcbcacbacbbbdcccdbabdbdbcdcdbbdadbadabcabdbbdbbbcbbdcbbdbaccabacbcbdadc ddcbdbcccddccccbcdadbabdcaabcdcbbdadcbabcccbddcdaababcbacbabacbabdaabdacaacacbcbbbdabcacaddccab
bcbaddacadbbadadcabcaacaccbdaddaaabdbdddcccbcdccdcbbbaccddbbdcdddacbaaabccdbadbcaacdacaccb baaacbdabdcacdddbbbbdbbabbdcbddaaacbddcdacccbddddcbabaadccdcccccadcaddaddbcaaadbddbbaadbdbbcdcdadc
dbbbccbbbdadaacdadddcbbbbdcbcadacacdccabdcabccbbcbbcadbaabcaabbbccadbadadcadbdaacdbdddbaadcc dcadbabaabcaccacddaaabbcddcbabbaddcbcdcadddbdabbaacabdcabadcadcbacaacbaadbdcacabdabcbbc
cbabbadaadddddaaadaabcbccdbccddadacccbcaacaaddaadbcdcbaaacacaddcbbbcacdbcbdcbbdcaddccbdccacdcacbccd cdbcaaadbacddcbaabbbcdbcccbcabaacbcacddcddbcbdbcacdabacbaadacaabaaadbddbdbdadbcd
dbabcabcacdcbbdbbbcccccacdddbaaadabcbaddbbcddcdddaacbaadbbdadabdbbaaabadacddbdcddc ddcdcaccbacbccdadbccbdacbcbdddbdddaabaaaaadabddcbdccdbbbaddbccaddcbcbaaccbbdbdcadacabbad
abaadccbcdabcddcdcbacdddcacbccaccccaddadcacaabccbaacadbababaaacbbbabbaabcaabbdccac ccbbdbadbbccbaabdabbcaababbdcabcaaddbbdcbaaaacbdbcccdbcbddacdbcaacdcdccdbdcadcdbdbbbcdbaaacbdcbc
daadcaccccababdadbcadcddbdabacdbabccbdadcdbccaacbddcddacccbbbabccbabbdacdabcbdbcaccbb ddabcacbbdacadddaaabbaaaabadbdcddadcaddaacddadabccacbacdcbcdabcbcdcadaaabbaadabacabadcdbddcbbb
ccddaabdadbbccddccbadcaacdabbbcaaaaabaacdcddcddcddbbaccbabcdaadabbcabcaaaababbcadaadbddccdbbbc cacdbbdcacaaabacbcbcadaabaccbcabadcdcabcdbdabdbbabcdbbbbddcdcacbbdcdcabddaaaccaaaba
cdbaccabbabdbbbaaaacacdbccbdaadbdabdabaddbcccaddbcbdbddbcbcbbbdccaabbcbcdaabddbaccdaaaaccbadcbba ccdbdbbcbdcdcbdcbbbdcbaaaaadbbbdddcaddddcbcdaabacbdaabcbacabcabaddadcccacdbdcaccd
ababbbcadacdccdadabdcdbbcccbcbcaaaacaaaaddabcbadbcddbacdacdcdaacaadbbdbddcaacddccdbbbdbbdacacabd dbbadcadacdbbbbccabaabddcddacddddabdabbdcddbacdbaadccbabaaadadacaadabcdadbadbacbac
bcbbabdabbabcdacbcaacbabacdbadbbdabcdcdadbaddbacdbdcdcacacdcbbdbbdcaadbbdbdddbdacadccadbaadaccbcacb addccbabddcbbdbdbdbbddddbddddadaacdacddbacdbdaadacaaddbddbddadbbabacccdaacaddbbdaccccdacbddbdbccca
bbccaddbadababbaaadcdabcbbbcbabbacddabdcdaaacdbbacbcaddbacaddacdbccbdabddbaddbdccdbbcaadaabccadbdca addbdbabbbddbaacdadccbacbdbadacdacdbadcbddbdacabcdcbdddccbaaabddbacdaaddddbaabab
adacaacbadaadccccabdcbadcbcddbcaccccacaaaabbddabbadadcadbccaacacbaabccdbcbcacbcaa dcababdabadadcccdcaabacbdbabaabcbcdddbacdbbaccdcbcabdcbdcdbbccdbbadbbbcdabacabbcadbcdbdadc
cdcaacdbcbcacddbcdcbcaaabbacdbdbcccaabddaadadbbaaacbaadbbcddccacdcdcdbbacabadbbdbddadcacbabbbd dbbbabdbabccccbacdbbbcbdcdcbdacdccdbcccddbbacddcddccbacaabacaccbccbbbcabaacdbaabbacccb
abddccdcabbcddaabdadbddaadacabdadaababcabbccbcdabcdbccbdacdacdbdbaccbdacdcddddbcc cbdaacabcccdbaddcbadccbcdbadcbcdddbdaccbcaddacccddcbdddbabdcbcdddbaaddaccccaabcdacadacacbccbcbdd
abbbadabcccdddaddbadbcdcdaccbbddabdbbdcdcabbcacbacccaddbcaabcdddbcdbcbbaaabbcaabaccdddcddb dcaaaaaadbbcdcdadddddcbdacdcbaccaaacacdddbcdbbbcaaadbdaaaabbaaddbbcdcbcaccbddcdccabb
bdddddccbccbccbabcbdcbdcdcdbcdcbcaadabcbdaacbaacaacccddccdabacababbabcbddcbdddcbacabbbbdbdbcdbcad abbdcbdddcbbdcaaaabbcbaccddddaabddacaccdcdcddcddcabdbdccddbcccbcdaaaddabdbcdacbbcbbdcaad
dbbdbcbddaadaadadbcdddadcacccddabbcdacbabbadababbbdddaddbdbcadbadadabbdbbabcccbbddbbbbbabbdacdcadb dccadacabbbbcdabbcabaddcbdbdbccddcaddacabdcccdbdbdabaadbcccadcbcaccccddabcaaadccacbabba
cbcbacadccbcababbaaadbccdccdbabccdaccccccdbbddabcabddccbbacaadcbbcbccddaacaaaacdbdc bbdcbdbdbadbabcaadbdacadcbabbbbbbdabbbaacdddbbcadbacadcabccdabdcddbbaadaccbbbbbbadbadccaab
daccadbcbdcacadacdcbdacabcaacbcbbcadcacbaddcbbabcdbddccacdaabdababdbbcaccabcdcccbdbcdbbcbb babcdaabbabccbdddcddadcdadcacbaddadadacccbdcabacaccbbbabdaacddbacabbaaaaacbbbcdc
bccabbacbcdbaabdaabbddaadabcabcbbdbddccaaaabcaacabdbbdaddaaadbacabadabbbbbdbcacaadddbcadadda ddabcdddbdadbabcabbdbdacbcbbacdbacdccdabcccdbacabcdcadddabcccdacbddcdbdcdbcadccbccbdddacabad
cbcacbbbabacacdcbbdbbddcadaabadccdacadbbdabbcababcaacadaaacaaaabddbadbbdddcddcdcdbdbccbadbddcbbaa addcaabdacbbbcadbcdaddddcccdcdacbacaadbabcaacdbcdbddacdaccddcbcbcbdcababdbccaadbccdbbccacbbaacd
dbcddcdbcbaddbcbadaadabddbcbadbcdcbdbdaddacbccaddcdaabdccccabadaabaabadaaabdadaaacbdadaccbcd cbaaabdcaaddaadbddcbcdcbabdabdcdccdcbabbabbcbdddcbaadbcabdccabccadaaccdcdacbdcbadcccdcab
cadcaacbdbbdacddddcadaacccdddbbdccdcccdcacabadadcbcdabbbbbcabadabbdbbdacabccdcdbccaddbddcbbdbaa adccbcbcadbddacaaabbbdbdbbccadcdbadbadaacbacdcbdbadbdabcacdadbcbcbbdbdacadbcacbccbdcccbdddddcccad
acbddcacbbbcbbdbccdbdabbbcdbbdaccbabdaaaccbcbbbcacaccbacdccbadbddbdbacdcadddbbadbbcaacacdbda caaccdcdcbdbbbbbbcdcaabbccbbbddbddbcabaacbcdcddcddbbabbcaddbabbdadcdcdadbabbdcacbbaaaadcaadacaddbb
ddacccddcabcbbcbbaaabadccccdbcccadadabcdcccdbbadacacbabddbbadabccaccccdddcbcaddb daacdccdcbadabcbdabcccdaabcbcbcabccacaacadaadbbdbaabacbaaddacdaacadbdddbdccadaca
dbcdaacaabdbabcaacacbadbddcbcaddabadadaaacabccbccdcdcacdbcddccaacddddaccbcdccdbbbcadbabddabc dabdbccadbdddcddbcadbcbcaadbcbbdccdadbbbbaccbabddcbabcadbcbdbddaaacdbcbcccdbccaaaaadcadc
bacddacabdabcbddddbaaccdcaadddbacbcdccbaccdabacbaaddcbcccdaaaaddbbbcccabbabcddaaddcbddbccdcaabaa dcdabbcdaacbadccbddccddacdaacbcacdabbddcdadbaababbcdadacbdaadcdacabbadddaabcddbcda
acddbadabddbabbaadaadcaabbdcbadccddbabaadcdcabcccbadddaaddcbaacdcbabaaddaaaabbccbbd cadaacdbdabddbccbbaaadcdbdbcccdbdccadabcadcbcddcabdabcbdbcaaabcaaababaccbdcbababcaac
acdbdabdcbbbbdbcbdcdbbdaabbbdbdcddccaacacababcbcdaabaccaabbcabaadabdbbdaddbcdbdbcccdabaddbaa acacdbbdbdaaabbcaacabacccdcccbaccdaaacbaadddaccbdccbbcbaddaadabdadddcdcbabcdcadaaccba
bcdddacaabdcadbdbccbccadddccacabcadcbabdccbdbddbadbddaacddbdbccadcbaababddbdbbdaacabcadcadabbabbc acbdadadcadcaabacddabdadbcbcbddadaaacdbbbabbaaadcbacdbadadbabcacacdbbaaadabdaabdbcdbdbddcccaccbbcc
cccadacdbbddaadbccccdababbccddcadcdccbdcdbcdaabdcccdbbabbaaaddbccbdccbbddcbcdbaccabcc bddabcbcbabdbdbbaccddabccdabcaaddbcbacabaabacdcaddacbdddbdccadccdadbadcdabcdbddcaacbdabcacddcaccd
aaababcbbddacbddcddcaddbadcdccdbaacbabbddbcdccbccbaccdbdcdcbccadcbdbdcbaddccbdcbdcccdcdb caacdcaaddbadcbaaddcbdcbacbddccdccccacbacbbdbdbbccdbbdbbbcadcaabbbacaddbbcacdacaccbddadcdc
bbccbdaacbbdabdbcacdddcdadbcbabcdbcddadadbdcacadaacdaabcadcabcdbcdbbdbcbccbbaadbadadddabdacbcdbdc dacccccbccccaabcdccbbacbabccdaabbabbcabdcababbbaaccdcbdabacabdbbdaadccadddadbbdcaccbaacabcbaccca
cbcbdddcacdadcccccabbacdbcbcaddaabbbcaccaccadaaacaccbaacdcadadddcbbbdabdaddcbaacaccabdcaadadacc aabcaccddcdbdbacdcaaaabbdbbbacaccccbbcbbaccbdaadcacccaddcacbdadcbdcadaadcddcbaabdad
bbdadddaccabdbcdcccabbccaddcacacbdbaabcdaacbcbbbbbddbddbdcadcdbccbcdcabdbdbababaaabaaaadccbdcdacad aacadcacadbbbbaaccbbacabcbbabbaaabbaacdccdcbcdbcaaccbaacbcdcacdccaaabbdbdcaabbacabccbdcdacca
dcbabbbccbdcddacaadcbacacbbcddacdabdabbbbdaaddcaadcbdccabbccdcbdbbabdbabdccdcccaabddabcbbb bcaaaddcdbdcddbabcccacadbaaaaacdcadccbbdabbbbcbdacbdbdcabccdccbcadcdbadcbbcccdcdabadaccb
bddaabddbcdbdcadddaabcbdcacdccaaacbcadccadcdabdccadbdacdbdbdbcbacbacdccbbcbccbbddcbbcdbdbddab adaaaccbdadbabcabcdabdadcbcdbbccacabadbdbbdbccbabccaaadadadbcdbabadabccbabcbdbadcc
dcddbcdacadccbaadbdbadddcaadbdacacdadadbbdccddcdbbdbddbdbdbdaadcbdcadddbaabbabcabdadddacdddbccdaac cccacdcccbbadbdaabddbdddbaacdbabadddbbdacadaacaadaaabccbadaadbcbadcdcdadbaddadbcadcacadda
bbcbadbcdacdbcabdbbcababacacadadcaaaabbcbbdacabdcddbabcaccabaccdcdabbaaacccdbbbcdadacc ddcdaaacbbbbdcaabacdabcdccacabcabcaaabcdbaacdbccacbdadcabacdbbddddbddcaacddccacdbca
dccdabcbbaabccadaadaddadcaccabdcabdabbdaaacbaabbccdbbcabdadaccbabcccbbdcdbcadbccc cbdccbdbadcacaccdbbdddbdaccbbbdddcdadbabbacdbbaabbcbccdbbbbcdcaabbccaadbdddaccbaababaacadaadc
abdcdbaadbccaadcddccbaadccbcbbdcadcacadaaaadabbaddbcdbbbdccbcaccbbdccbccdddccdcdbb cbacaacbcdbabadcbdbdbacccddcdabaddccbcbddbbcccbbacabdcbbbbbcbcabcadaabdccadbaacabdddbbda
abaaabcabbcadccbdbbbabdcbdbcaaacbabbaccadadcdccbadbddabbdcbabbdaacaabaadbdadbdcdaabbdbca acadaacdbdbccbacaacacddbaadcbbcdbdbbbbddbcdaaacacaabdaacbdaabadaaadaadaadaabaabd
aadcbccdccacabacbbacbaabdacadddbacabcbbaccbcaddddcbaabdcbbadbbcccdcadadcabcaacdacadc bdacadcabdabbcadacabcdbddaacdbddcbccabdacacddbdaadaabcbdcadcbbdacbabcacacbbdcdabbbadcdbbcbcbaaccdc
baaacbabdbccddaacaaacdcddcdccbaccbcbbbababbbdbbdcaaccadaccdbcddbdaacbbdbccabacbccdcacacdcaabbdabdbb bbdacbbbbbccbbacabdcddccbcbbbbbbdacadcdcccbadbbadcacdbbbdcbbddaacdabbcabaabaadba
ccddccddccacbbdcbbcbdacbcabbdcdcbdaacabcaabcabbbdcbdbdaabacbdccacaaccdaddbdbadbacacca acbcbdcbdcbcaddbbcdddbdddccdaabadccdcacdcbadcacaaaaaadbdbcaaccadabdccacbdbaacdabbcacdddbabdbabbaca
aaacdccbaacbcbbbdcabacabcdaabbdaaadbabadbcaaabbadabdbccbacbadcddccccbcbbabccdadbbaaabaa cbccdcbabbcbddababcdacddcbaacabccbbbdaadcadcabcddabaccccadcccbdaacdacdbadcbcbacdabcc
bbcacbddbcbdcccdaaddcacacdaacbddbcddacabcadddbdbddcacbaaaaccbcccaddbacddbdccdcdbcbdabccddcacdcac cddcadaadbcccddcaabaacadcacbadcadacabcbbcaacddcaaabadbbbdcbcaccccbaadccdaabdcdaaccbbddacddcacabdad
bdbacccccaabcaacdbbbabcbbcacadababcddabbbbcdcaabcbacddddaabacadadddabbbadbbbcdadddbcabbc cdbcdadaaccaddcddcbbbbdaaccbbaadcabcabbdacdacacbacbaaccddabccbcdddccccccbccaacdcacaac
dbabbccadcbaadadcccdaadbbddccdcbbcdaaaaddbbcdbcdacddabbcdaaadbbccbbacabbdccbcdbccbda adbcccacaaccbaaadcddddccdbdaadbbabaacdcabcdccddabdbacabbcbbacdbccbdadbbcbaaacaddbbdacabdccccab
acdcddbcbcdacacdcdadcddcbcabbaddaddcacadabcddabdbddcccacccabbbbcbdddacababaaccabdbcccbdcdcdccdaad cacbbbbbaacbcddcaccbddcacadddbbcaaacabbadcbcdacdbcbbbdddcbaaacccbdcabbcbcccddbabcccaada
cdcbcdcacaadcabddbacbbcdcdccbcadabbaaddcbbddbbdadcbaacabcccbbcddbbbdcacaadabaddddcaa acabbbaacddaadcbccdbadcbddacbcacabcbddacaaadbbcccaddaacccbcdccccccaccbcdaacddcaadbcd
ddbddadcabbcbdbbddabbbdabacadbcabbadcbbadcbaaddbbccaadccadaabcacdbaaaccacdbbcddbb dcbadbaabdbbbbccccdddddacccdbcabaaabbcdccdcbabbaaddcdbdcbbabbdbcdadbacbcddcdaadccddabbabacbc
dbbccddbaaacdccbbcccaaccaccdbbcbaccdaaaaabbcbcbaaabacaddababaabbcabbcaccadbbadabdcadbcaaddabcabc abaaaddbccadbcadcdbdcacbbdccbaccaddcdbdcdddccacdaddaabccdbadbabcdbdaaddcbdcdccdddadbddddddcd
cbbcacbbcabacdaddbbbacadacdaaacbcbcbbdadbbabcbabcbbaabdcdacccdbcdbcabcbbdcccaacddcadabbcddbabacbca ddbacaadbbadaaadaacaddcbaaabdcddbabadbcdacbcccdcccdaababccccadbdabcaacadccbadbdaaddbdcaccbadaccaba
bbbacbcddddbcdbdccdcccadcbacdbcacaaaadbbadabcdbadccdccdcdbaaddbbaabacadadcbbcdbcccc bddaacacbdadccaacabaccbbdbbbbdbccacbdacdacbdaaadbacacccdadbccdcbaacacadcacdacbbacacaabcbdadbb
aabccbcaabbbbabddbbaccccbcbcdbccdbccabadcbddacddcabddabddabdaaaabdabcdccababbbaabbdbbdaccddddacc cdbbacbdaabcbadbbcdddaabbbdbcacdabddcbabcbdbdcaacdbcdaaabdcbcdcadbdddbcbdcaccdcbdadb
addbbadbcbccabddcbbdcbacbabaadbabddcdbcbacccdddcdcccbbddabcbcabcbcabdcddaccaababaacadbdcbbababddb adbcdbaacdccadbddddadbaddacbaadbbabacddbcbcadbdcbccccdbbaddcacbcbabcdbbacbdcadaacbd
abcccdccacbaaaabcbbccabccadbadababbbcaabadccbadcbbdbdcaabcbbbababbbbcdcdabaabbcdbdac dadddabdddaaccbddbdccaabdcbcbacdcabcbbdbdddaababddbcdbabaaabdbcbabbcbbbcadbdbaccdbcdadabdcbbbccbac
cdcadcabdbddcbcbdcacaccacabacbdbddcbcadbddccbcdcdddcacbccdabcacdbbdcdbadadbabcbdaddcacaad abadcccdbcdabddbbaabdbcdcbabbcaabaadbdcdcdcdadbccacadabdbbbaacacddabababddadaabbbdd
dbdabbcacacbbdabadcdcdbbdcbbdabbdcaacddacbadcdabcdcdcbadaabadbdcaaabdaadccbdaccdcdbaacacddcbabcdd bbbabcacdabadacabacccbbcccbbccbdcccabdbbcdabcadaaabbbcaadccabaacbddbdabacbbdcbbbcccdb
bdabdcbcaadbcdcdadcbddccbcdcadcabcdcbcdbcbcbdcdbcccdbbbaaaabdadaccddadccaddbbaaccaaacbbadbac dccdabccdaadacbcaaaacdbadccbabaaabdaacacbccbdbadaabccdddaacaaaacbbdbbddbdcbbadabba
aaccadbdcdbcaccadcdbdcddcdcdcbbdccbbcbccbbacadbdadcbdddadbddbdccbcbdcbcccdbadbaccbb baacbbadbcaaabddbcaacdbccdbddabdbbacdacabbabbadddadacccccbdccabcdbbcaadcdcdcadcaac
bcddddcaaacddabbdccdcdacabbbdaddbdabcabaadcbcdbcdbcaacdcdadaabaabbaacddbcbcababccdcbaacbcacbada cabddacbbdaddbabadababdacaaabaabcdaddcbcbadaabbacdaacddcbcadaccdcddabddabcbacbbdbbcac
abcdabadacaadcdaacaababdccaababbbbacaadbbbbbccdabcabbdcbbcccbbccddcacaccabdcacbcacbc adbdabadabbdbaccdcdabadcbccdbadaadbcbabacbadcdcbaaddbacbaacbabbdabcdccbabadacdaabaddddbb
abdabcabdaabcaacaaabcacdcbaadbdaaddddcaddccccbacabababcacccccdabdcbddcaadacbadaadbdcbabbbadabc dbabacaabbacadddaaccababbcbdbbbcccdacbdbabdccddcddcdaaaacdcabbdacdbcddcacadbbaabdca
bbbdbdddbbadbcdbababdaaadabadccadaddbbdabcabdbacdaaababbadaadbbdcbacadabddcbcdcaddaaabbb aaabbdddbcdcdcdddccadccdcbcdaabacbbcbcbdcbccbabdddcdcbadacdcabacdacbcadbdaccadbaddbbcdcaabd
bcbdaacdbcbabcbadbabaaadbdaddadcddcaaaabdbccbdddbdaaabbcaaaacdbaacccbbcdbbdbddbbbaacbddddbaccbb dbdcccbccacbaddabcbbbcabbcdcabadddabccccaabaaddbbaacdcadcbccbbdbbccadccababbbcbacddaddd
dcaabdcacbcaaacacdbbdbabdabaadaddbcadacadadacccbbdacddddaadaccdacbbaacbabababdadcbdbbcbbbbbc cbaccbaacbbdcadaabccacdadacaacabcdbccacadbaadcddcdcbbddabcadccadabbaccdacacccacdacbbbaddabdcdcbdd
acabaacaadcbbbdaddcbbdaaadabdabcabbabcdaabcdcbdcbcbcdacabadbbaccdadbadababbddcbdddcca dbbdbacaddabcbbaaddaabaaaabdccbddddcbbddbbccacdcdcbcbddbbdddadbaacdabcbcbbbcbaabcd
bbbcbaddbcddccabcacccacacbaacadcbdbbcdaccbadaacccbdabccdcdbdcdbbacddcdcbbdbcdddcbaaac bcacbacbbccaabcbadbdcbacbcadcddbdbbddabcabbdcdcdcdbdaddbabdddabbbbababbbabddaacabbbccdcdabaaaabcdc
abbcadccbaccaaddabacbbdcbabddabbcbdbbcaabadadaadbcdcbdadcadaacddbcddabcacbcccaccbaa dabbaadddbcadaacdabccccdbbbcdaaacabdcbcadbdaadbcacadbacdcbcbddbbdcbbcbadcbbcbdadc
babbbcaccaadbcccdbabaabdddbccabcdbdcccdacadcbddcbbdbdcbadddbaaccacddccdccbcaccabcdaa bdaccdbbaadddacdacdddabcadbbccaabababbdaadadcabbcaaadabbcabaacdddacbcaabadbcbbccadabccbdcaadbbac
bdcccadcdddcdacdddcacaadccbcbdadcdcdaabbdbccdbbbcdcadbbccdccddbcbdcbababbbbcaaaddacbbdbabbcbccbbb abbbbcbadabdadadcbacbcbbdaacaacdaaacbdbcddadccaddbdadbbccbdccccbbbcacbbdbbabcaadbabddbbabdddcabb
ccaabcdddaabaadacbccbdccbccbbaddcbbdccdcdccdabcadbcacdcacdbdbdcbcbbabcccacacdbacbcbbdbbcbddaabcda dbccabdcabaddcbbdabdbabcbdbaaccdbcaddbbbdaadadabdbdcddcbcabcbcdaabbdbccabbdaabaadbdcacaa
aacbbdbdadaccccaaadbacaaaadccadcdddcabbbbaabcbcdbcaddabbbcadaacaddcaaababbbbbadbcbbbabccacccd cacadccddbbbdcdddbdddcadccdcccbaaaaddabaacdaccdcdbacbcbaabbbbaadcdaadacabbdabcbacdacabdcb
acbacaddbabcadaabccabadaacaccaacdccadadadaccddbddabbaccdadaacbcddccaacabaddbabcaabbaa bcaaaaabcdaadcbbacbaaddbdccdadacdabcadbbbbbcadcabcddaddadbbacbdaadbccdcaaabdbddbccbccaaccadbaddba
cabbbcbbacadbdacbcaabbddbadbcdcbdcdbbccabbbadacbcbddacbddacaadadccccbddccbcdaacdacbbadcabbbcdabb bcbcbacddcddadcababbdbadaaadaabbdcbcdbbcbdcbabbcbddcabcccddcbbddbcaadaccdacdcbccbadabbbadacbbbdddd
adabbbdbbaccdabddadacdadbcbdccdcdacaccddbbcbcdbcbbddaaabbbdbdcdbbbdbccadbbddacadcdaa caacdacccaccbddbdadddadabcccdddabbddadbdcccabccabcaccccbaaddddbccadcbaabccbccbdacbcaddddabaddbac
bdacdabbbcbabdcbcaaddbbaddbcabdabbabbaabddabbcaabcddbadbdcbdbacabbdbbdbacbbbbbadadadcabbbbcad abdcabaddcdbbaaabcbbdbdaddbcbaaccadcdaabdcaabbadabdaacdbccaccbdbbcdccbdbdaadccbccba
cbacbabdbbdccadcadddbdbaacbbaddacbcaacddadbcbaabbdbacddadbbcadccdccbdbcbadaddacddcacccdcbaacbbcac dccddbcbcacccccdddcaadcaaddcaacaccdbcdbbcacbcbbccdaadddbdaaacbcbabdccbbbbbdbdcbcbcdaababbbb
cdbcaabccabdcbbadcdcddaabdcdbdaaccbbaacdddbacadbdacdccdbabbbcdccbbacdcbbcdcddbdccaacaabddcacdabc acdcdbbdcbbbdddddaacaaccddbbdbccbcbcbddaadabdccdddadbbcbabadddcddcbcdabcdccdacabccaccddcc
dcacdbababaabcbdabdcabaaaddadacbbbdcabcaadacbabdbdddadccbaccababbaabaacddbadbccdcdbcacdacbdbacddd adcbbcbadcbaabbbdbbacaccacddcbcbdaadcdbccaddabdccdbbaadaccbbdddcbdbdaccdcbbcbdbdaccaab
cbccddcaacacbdcabbccdacbddbcdaacbbdbaccbcdaccabccadbacabbbabcddcaadddabbcaccccddbdbac aadddcdaddadaabcddbcbadabdaabbbaacbadaaabcddacbcdadbdddacdccdaadbbabacdadaccabcccabcdacbdb
ccdadabdaadcbddbbcacaabdcaaabbacccdbcdbcdcdbbaadadabcacbdbdbadccaabdbccaaadadadbbdc dacaccaccabbbdabdddbdcccddabdbbabadccdbacddbcbbcadddbdbbcadaaaaabdaabdbddddbaadadaaacacaaaaab
dabdcaccadabadaaaabaacacadaabdbdddccdaccdbacccabbabbccdbddaabaacccaadacbdbcdccbacbddcddcdcbcbbcaadc dcdcdbdbabacaacdadabdcbcacccbdccbdabbbbabdcacddddbcbdbddbdaddddcdadaabcabbbcdbdacdaddccadadcccdacb
dccbdcadbbdcdaccaabbdaccbbcdaabdbaaccddbbbcdcaabdacccdbcdaadccadcacddadadadddabadddddaababbbcbbbbbb caacdbbddadddabddcabbdbcdbcbddaadddbabaddcadbbabbcdaccdcabccdadcacadccdaddccdadbbbadaccacccdbdb
cddaacdadbcbbacdcaaacabdadcdbbddbdcbdcabdcabaabcccacbcbcbaddaaadbccabccbddbdacaccbbcbbbcaccb cccdaddbcbadddbcdcdcbababcddcacdbdbdaabddcdacbbddbbbaccdccddabcbbaaaadcddcbcdbcb
abddccaaadcdaccbdcbabbddcccdddcdccbabccddcacacbdaddbaabbdbcddcacaaaadcbdadbbdaaccaca cbddbadaabcddcadbddcacbdbcbbdcccaababbdbbaacaabacacadcaddabbdccdcccbaabadaaddadadaac
daabacccbaabcddddadcbdddbbcdabdbbccbbbdddddabdcbdcabdddcabdcdaaaabadbaddddbbdcabd ddaacbdbcaadbccadaabbcddadddaccacaddbcacdbabcbbcbcccabaacaabdbabcbddbbbdaaadccabadcbbabbda
adaacabaacbbaccaaccbabacccccdaddabbccdacdddacbabdaabcacacdabbaabbdcbbdadcbdabbbbcbdcbccbcc baccddbcbadcbbadadacbaddddaccaaccbbaaabbbbcaccccacdabdbdababaabcaaccbbdcccbcccba
bdcabddbadabdbbdcddaddaadcccbdbbdbabbdccbbdaadbaaccabccddcaabdcacbcadddbabddcacabd baaadcdbaabcdcdcaabdaccdbccadcacdcbadbbbbbddbbbbcddbbdccabdacabacacdcdacadaaccbbdabbdc
dacacbcbcbabadcadadcdbaadcdbcaabcccdccdbdbbdcdabaaabaaadcadccbdaddababdccddcdbddabd dcacaaaabbccddaddadccabacabbcacdddadbabddacacdbccadadaacabacabaddcadabddbadacdcbbdabbddcbbaadaddd
cadbcddbccbcadcadccddbbcdcbacdbdbddbbddbddabcdccbdacdccdbcbbaaaababbbbbdcddcaaddd abaabdacaaddbccbbabcababdbcbbcdacdbcdaadadbbabbccdcabadbdbdcbcaddcbabcadbaccbcbcdababcbcababcabbcbc
accbbbdcddaddaacccdddabacabdadacdbbacaadcdaabcaacbbcccaaabccdcaaddcaabdbaccdbacacbcbccabcdbda bcddabbdcabaacaabdadabbdbccaccddddcbbcdbbcbadacddcbdacddccdabccbabdbdaaacdcbccaacda
acbcadadabdaadacabdbcaaabbdcddbdcddbccbccdcbccadadaaadacabadbdaaaccadbcbbddcacdbdbdcab ddbabacdaabccbabcccccdacbbabdbcdaddcccccadbcdbccbccbdaacacddadcdddabcdabdbbcadbddccaccaacbcd
abcbbbacdaaabddccbdccaabbdacccbdabbdcbaadbdbcdabdcabbdbbddaccaaadddabacacdbadbadddcccbbabdcdbaca ccbadadbbcdbdaadbccadacccbbaacddccadbdcbcddbbbbddccabbdcbbddaacaabaaacadddadddcadcdadbaaddbdacbabd
daadbdcdbbacdbaabcbaadcddaaddcdcdbabbcbddcdcaaaabccbadcbddcdacbdacdcdbbddacaddccb cdbccbaadbbcddbdddaabcadddddbbbcdbabdababbddaccdbbbcdccdabaabbbaadbdbcadbbcbdcbbcaabbccaabbcc
abaacbdccccacabccaabdacbbbbcbbdcdacdacbacadadbdadbbdbdccccddbbcaaddcdaadbddbbabbabadbddaccabcdbadcd ddacbacacadbbadbcabbcabcadadacabbaaabcbdabccdbcabdbbacaaabbcbcdbddcbccdbdacdadbcddacdabbb
adbdbabbbcacbabddaddddcbcdbdddacaaaaccadaddaccacdbaaaadadaccbccdabccdabaacdccbdbdbbcda acbddaacbbbccccdadcabdbcccaaaababdadbdcaccdaacdadcdaaababccccbaabbdcacdbbdbbdcabdbbcbcddb
ddbacdaacbbdcaabbaccabddabccdcbbdbbadbddcdcbcaabbccdacdacbacbabdabdbccbbcaadbadbcdddccdcdbabcbdaa baabbdccadababaccddddbcabaacadbddadbdcddccbbbadaaacbadbdbbaccbbadbccbcaddbddabaaaa
dddcabacacadcdcdcbdabacadcbdcbdbabccadabbabbdcdcdcdacdbacdbddbbddadaddbcbbbaccacaacaccabbba abdaabbdcbaadcadcaacdccdbccbdcddbccaaaddabdaddccadaddccdaddbddcddcaacdababbdbacddcdbdbcbbdabccababc
aadabccaaacccdbddcccacbabccbdadbbacccbbcadabdddadbbbdadbcaacbabacbcaaacdabaaaacbbcdddddbaacd bdabcdddbcabcdcadaadbbbdbbdccadbbaccddadccaabababbdcddadcaaaadbdabacbcdcdbacdddc
daabcaccbabbabacdddbaddbacbbcaccaacdbbcbdccccddbccaccddddcddbaaacacdccccbdbabcbabccab bdcccabaadbccacadbcadacdacacaadaabbbabaadbccccdddbadbadcacbabacacdcbdadbaaadddcbc
bacacdcddabbcccccbccbbdcbbdccbabdadabcbbbaaddabbcbabdacbabccaccbbbaccdacbdcddaacacdccdbaaddaaca cadabbabdddadcbccbdccbbdcbdbdccadbddbcdbbdcbddaacddddcdabbbdbabcbbbcdaaccadabadcccacbbdccccdcadab
bbbcaacabdddcdbdddbabcdbaddbbdabccabdcbdbbcbdadabdcabdcccdbabcbabcaacbdbdacbadadbadaaab dbacadddadadddbdbddcaacccdddcbaacadcdbbdcdaabbcacdccdccbadaadddabcdcbddbbcddbcbbbdadbcadbbc
dbbacadacabbcdababdaabaabbadddcbcccacbbbdccbdbaabdbaabcbcbcadcddbacbabacbdddccbdbbcccca bcbccdbbdbbbcbcdacddcbaaadbaadbccacaaddbdacbbcbdbadbcaadbacabaccddaadbdacabdbadbbbbabcabdda
adbdcddccbadbcdddcbdcdccbaacdddddcbabddccddadbbbbbcaaabbbabddbdcadbbadbadddbcadc bbabddadbcdcadbbccdbbcaabcbbacdcaacbcadcadbadababdccadabcbcdadbbdbbbbcdbdadcbbcddabdccdbbbdcbcdccad
cddcaacbddbaacbabdacbcabcddcccbbbcdbadbbcddbcadbaaadcabacbbbdacbddbbdaabcaadcbdabbcaacadaaccadcaaaa aaadbcbcbbbcbddbaabcbdbbcbcadacacdccaadabbdddbddadbaccdaaddadbddccadcbcabdaacadbdaccaccbca
dbacaddcacddcdaacddcaaaadcadbdaddbaabbdcdcdcdcbbbcabbbbaabdbadccbadaaacddadcbbda aacbabbcabbadbdcdbabaddbddabdccdbbbcaabccabbaaddadacbccdaddcdcbbabaacccddababacdadcbacaacddaccbbd
abccaddabacdcacdbdaccbdcabcaddbaabccbbcbdbcdaddabdbcdccccadcdacbaabadbdaadadddcddcbaabddbccbbbcaaba aaccbdadacccadaadcdcbbbccacbaadcdccbccbccadcbbcbdddcdcdccdccbabadaaaacaadcbddacdcdadbacdbaabcddad
dcacbdacbacbbadbacddbbdbbaddaddacbccdabaadddbcbaaaacdcdaaaaaabaadadaadacaadbdccbcaacaaacbdcbddc baccacabaaddbbdcbdabaaaaadcccdcaaabbcbdacccdbdbcabbaabcbcdbbbbbbacaddaddcdbddacbcddcdadbadddabaca
ddadababcaacdbcdcacaadccbaaabdabdccbdbcccdbbbccbbaabdcdddabaabacbcccadddadacbaccbaacbd bbbcbaddbbaaaabdabdaddddbcbbbccdcbccabbddadbbdcdbabbbddcbbbccbbbccdccccddbcccdacadccd
caddbddbbaacdbccaaaaaacdbcbabccccbbaccaccddcddbbcbadcbadbbcadbabdadaabcbabaadbabccabddccbbc dddddbbbabdcababbddbbaabccdbccaaaaddcabdcccddcdddabdcddbdabaabdddbdddddaabaacbbabdbc
cdacaacccadaabdabdabbcdcbcbacaacbdbcaaabcccdbddbabcdcabdccacdcbdbadcddbbdcbbcddbbc dcdaaacbaabbbcdadabaaabcacbcbadbccbbbddbbabcddcbcbaabddbbdaaabdadccaddddbadbcacbbbca
dbadcaacbccbabdaccbdbcccadcbddcddacadcbbabdbacaadadababcabaabadbbbbdddacdabcccdbdbcdabcbabbb cdacbaaabdcdddcbadaaacaabcababdcacbdabbddcacdbcaaabccddbbddcbcbbbddccbabacaccbbdddacb
bbccbbcccbcdaaadcbdadccdcbaacdabbccacbbbcccdcccdcbdbcddccccbbdaddcaabcddbcccbbabbddcbc ccdbcbdcdcacbcddabbdbdbdabbabcabadaddbddbcdbdabcaacaaaddddcacaadaccbbacccadcaacdabbba
bdcdcddbdbdccaaddbcbcdbbdadadbacbdddcddbdaabcbcdcdbdbcbcdddabbaddbcabaaaccabbdbbddbbcbbbbbcdccdac dbdcddccaaaddcabdaaabccbcabdbdbcacababdaddbbaddcaccaaacbbdbcdcbcbacadbaccacbababd
bdaddaacaddcbdacccbbbbcdcccdcbccacacddbaddcccababbbcccdddcadaacbadbcbddcdccbbcdcccdbcdbacbacbccad bbaaaabaaaccddaaaddbdacdcdbcdcdddabadaacbdacaacdbbdbddcdcaddbdbaacbabacaddcaccacaddacabcdabdbdaada
bccbdaabaabcaadccbbcaadadcccdaadddccbcdcadbcadddcdccaddcdbdddbcaaadabcccbdcbdbba bbbbababaadcbadcabcdbaadadadabdccddbbbaabbaacdbdabdddbbdaadcabcddcabccddabdcbabbccdacabdcccdbc
dccacbadbbddccababdabadbdbccabcababdbbaacbccdaccddbdbcaaccdddddabbadcacbdcbccdaaccdc baacbbcababbbaadaddcabdbddaacacccdbcbbbbdabcdabccbdaacaabbbabcdbbaaadccbcaabbacbdbdaaabc
cbacdbdaddacbcaaaccabcbdccacdbcbccdabbbaaccddcdbacccbabcccbddaabacabaccaadcaccacaacbcb cdbdccadabbdbdbbccbcdddcbcccdacacbbbcdbcacddadbddabadbaddcbabccbadaadcbabaacadccddccd
acbacccddbddaaacacdbacdaabcababcacccabcbdabacdbdcddbddbdadcabacaabbdaddbbbdbdadcbdacdbcbccbbbdbd cbccadaacabaccacabdaaacdddbcddbcaddddcccacdadcccbadadabdddbaacbaccabccbccdacabadacddbabddabca
cabbcbcdaaccdddcabbcbaccbbbdbcccacbcdbcaadddbdbabccdadbbcabcabbadddbdbddbcdcabaddadbadbdd ccbdbadbbdbaabbdabcbcaaccacadaaacadaacadaaaccababcccadbdccddcaccaaaccdcaddbdddadbacabbd
dcacdbdacabacaabcddbcaccbbbbccbccddbdcccbdccabcdaacbabdadbbabbacaacbbdbddbbcbbbdaababadabcacdcdbb dbbdccaadcccdccdbadabdabbdbbbadabcccdccaccdcadbcbacbccaaadcdacadabdbbddacabaddabbbca
aacdabadcbdabdbbddadcccdadadadcaacddbbccdbdbbbcccbcbbacdddbabbacaadacccccabcbcdadac bdccbccccbdbbdcbabbaabaadacdcccbabcaabcabcbaddaccbaacbdaabadbadcdbcbdadcaabbccdca
dbccccbdddbcdbaacdabbbddbcadcbbdcaaaaaaddbddccaaaacbccacbcdcddbddadcaddaabcbdcdda accdacbcddcddcaddabdbaccdadbaaadaaabadbbbddcabadcbddbdaddddcbcadabacbdbddccadccabbbcdccdaa
babacbbccacccddcbbbaacdbccdcccacbabdbdddaadbcccababbdbabaddaaabbbabbdadaabbcbddccdaccbccc dbdacaadbadaababcaabdabccddabaddbbdbadcaabbccbbdabbdbcaadbdcabbdabdadccbbcbdbccba
adbdbddacaabcbdaacaddcabdcacadbdadbbcadacdbbcdbcddbaaabacadbdbacdaabcdcbdacadbbddacbcdbcbbbcaaa dadcaddbbbddaddccbcbcadbacbbcaddbaadcdbcdabccaadbbddcabccbbbcddaabbcbbacbdbcacabddddcdbcdbdd
dadababcbcadadbcaabdaaddaacaaacdadbdbaaabaccbacaaadddbbabbbbacccaadadadbcddaabcdcdadccbd ccbcdcadbcdbbcbdccdadbddcccbaaabcddccdabbcbcccdcacaaabadbcbacdcaacdacddbdbbcaadcbdabbb
dbbbcbacbbdcdcdbcacabdcbaccddcadddccdccadccdddcbdaddcbadcdbbbbbbcbcdadacaabaadab cadcccabcdaacadbcdbbddbdcdcdddbaacbadcadccdccccacccbcdbacbcbaaadcdadccdccbaabaccd
badaddcbaadcdbacbdbbdaaaacdacdaddcbbbabdddadbbcccaadccddbbadcdddabaddbbaadadcddabbbdadcaccadbbbcb dddbabdddbccdadbcbddcdcaccadcdadcddbbcdcbaadcabbbcabdcaaaabaddabacbcbbbacbdddcbcdbdbdcbada
cdbdaacdcdcdccaadcddbbccabacaddccbbcccacabaccdbadbbabcbdbbaaabccccdabccbadaaadcccd dbcdbabaadacbbacbcaabbdddbbcbaaaaccbcdbdbabbdcadcdabbcdccaddbdabaaabdcbdbcddabbdaccbadbcdacaccdcdd
cbdacaddbcadadaadcdbcccadbbdcddacdaaaabbcaabacaaacaaacdbadbacaaccbdaddcadcddaccbadcdadcabb cddacdddaabdadbbbabcdacbcdacdcbaaadccbadbcbdaaaddbbacbdbbdbadaacbbcbccdcdcbbbbadadbcaabdbd
bcaaddcbbaccdcbdcddbdaaaddcadbcdaaaadcbdcdabcdaaabccacdbbaacbbadbdaadbaabaabcdbaaacdcbabbdbaa cbcddcdbbdcbacbbcdbcddaaacbbddcabcbadadbabbadbcacacaaaabdacdbbcdddabddadccddbacddddcbdcba
cadabccabcbbbdbdccaadaccbbdabbabbbcaddbabcabcdbcccbddcdcbcddddaadcbcabdbbdcccaccccabb cabcdcaacbcbacbaddddbdadcdacccbbbbdbbdbcddbccbdccdbbbcddccccbbcbbacacbccabdccacdaac
bcdcacacadcdccacbcabbacddbdaaddacbbbdccabcaadccdccabaacdbbdadcbbabdbaddbbaaccccdaaaacaddbcaaad cbadbbaaccdbaacccaaacdcdaddabbacddcdcadcaddcddabbcbacaddbcacbddacacddbacadabaacdbbd
adcbdacacbbcaddccdbdbdbcadbdddcdcccbadcabdabbddddabbcadabbbbdadbbdaabcdddbcbdacdaccbabaacd bbaabaddcdacdaadccabdadabdbcbaaddcbadcdbcbdcacbaddaacccccccddbabdacaaabaccbbaddcddcbdcacbbbb
cdacdcacdcadccacccdaabaadcccaabcdcccdbcadbcbbddaddbcabadcabacabbdbdcaabbbaaacadcbdababcdcdabadbcc bdbdbdbdaacbdbbdadbdadddabdbadbdabaaadacacabacbaacccacacaddcadabdbbcdadadabadadacbcbaab
aabbacacadadabbbcabdadbdbbdbcdbacbadddbcacddcbcbcadddbcdddaacbddcbbcdbcbbacbadbc cbdcdcdbbdacccdddacbbdbcdcaaaabaccddcbddaabcabdbaaacdbbcbcccdbbdcacddbbcbcbccdadcbbbccbdcad
adbcdacdcaabaddbbcacbdbbdbdbdbcaabaabacbaddccacdbdbccccadcaabcbacaaddbdaadbabbdbbdbdddababbddcda dbbbacbdccaabdcbdddadbaccabccabcaadccdbddcdadbaadaabadaddacbbabbacaacbbdddabadcddbac
ddadbcabdabdcbacdcddbdbbadaabbddabacbbacdbbaabdccdddcdaadbdbabbbbabbdbdcaddacdbddddba dbcdcabbdabdbdaabadbdcbadbcbcddbdcacaccadcadcadacadbdcadddabcddbaaabaccddcabdcdacccdcccbaa
cabccaccdbcbccccabbcbbabddadbcacbababadcabddbcbbccabbaddbbbbbaacacbabccaabddbddacc ccbcacabcbbccabbaccbbbcbdcaabdcabcddbddcdbdcadcacabbddadcacbcabdadbccabacdcdaccda
aabacccdbbccbadcdbcdcbddaddacaddcdcbacddbddbadbdddddcacaadbcbaaccacbccccacdccdabcddccaadadabcdadd ccbdccbadaaddbaacbacbdcaabaaabacbccbdbdbcbbaccabacbaabdaddaccbaccdcdaacbdcabbaaddaabdccabacbdcaaadd
accddabaccccbabdaaabdbcabdacadcbbadcbacbaaaacadacbcbcdccbccbcbdcbbbdddcdcacddabacaddaba bcdccabbdaacdacadcabababbcbcccaaabddbcbddbddacbdcddbbcddcdacbdcbacbbbcdbcdaabdcbababddcbcadcc
cdacadbdaddcacdcabcbdbbdacccccaccbcbcbcaabacdbbbaddcabddadcdbaabdbccbbddaadcdbccaaa cdbbacbccbdbacdcabbabcdcadcccabcbcdcdcbbcbdbcdcbabbabdcbaabcbbdacddaadcdaccdcccbbacca
abcddccacdbdcbddaddadabccdabbddacdadaccdbcabaaddaddcccbdcdbdadbdbbbbacbdccbadcbdacaddcccdbdcca adaaacabcbcadbbcccdcbabddddbacccdcbcbadcbacddddacddcbaddddadabcabcdaabcdacabddcdcbbabadcd
bbaaaaabaaacccdbacadcddbadbbdabddabcabdbaaccabdabcbdcbbcdcacdacdaaabdbcacddddccabbdaabdbbbddd badbabcbbabbadbadbadbdaabcababbdcdddcbdaabddadaddcbdaadbbdcbdbabdbdaaadccdabaabdbacabcdbbbbcdbaddd
bdccbacdcadaacdcaccdbadabccabdcdcdbdbcdbcbcadadbbcabacabdadbaadcadbaccaaaaabacbbdccdcabaab dcddadbabdabaacaabccacbbadcbaacadddbcbbbbbdaacadbbdcbbdcabddbcdaacaadcdccbcccbccbbbacaddaacdc
abbaabadacdaaccdbbcdccbbbccaadacbbadcabdcbdcbbaacdbadaabbdababdbcdbbcacadbbdbabbabbdcdaacb bccdbdabccaadacacdccddcdaaddaddddbacacaabccbcbcdcaabbbcccaaadbbaacccaddccacdbabbdcdadacabcda
abcdcacaaaabaabbbacdbbabcddcccaacdcdadbaababccadcdddccaddbaacdbdaabbcacaacbaaaddacdccbbaaccc cbbbcbaabcddddbaddabdbdccbddbdaaddbddcdcddcccadbaabcdddbadbdadcccdbabdbdcbbaabadccdabaa
badddaadbccaacdbbbbabdddacbadcabdcaddcaabbdabccaadabcbccdababbdaaddcaabadbbdcbdddbdabb bbcccadadbacddbdacbbacbabcacbdabaadabcddcbcacccbcdbbdccdcaacabbdbbbdbcaaadaccdddbbabcbacabcccccbbbb
ddacdbdcbbbaaaadacdaaccdbcccadbacbcaaacbdacbbbdbadbabbbcbababbbabdddddbcbaacdbaba bacdcbaadddcbbcbbacbaddaaaddbcabbbdbcbcabbbcabbdbdbcaaddccdaaabbdbcdddcdacadbbadcaaaca
dcccdcbbbaabadcbdadabaccdcbbabaaabccdcabdabccccaddcacbacbdcbccaadbbcddcadabcbdcc bccbaaaaadadddcbbbabdcabbbddcbdaacdbaddaaaccbabbbadbdadbcacbdbcabcadaadcaccddabbcacbbbdabccbbbd
cdbaabaaadbccbaddcadcdddaddbccdcbadaadadabadacaaabacbbaccbbbcababbaaacddaadcbdcdccadd bcdbcbcdadaacabdcadbaabbcbaaaacccadcadadadaaabbacdadababdaacccdddbdccdbbabaddcbddddaacddccbbcbdabac
accdddcbcaddbcccdadddbbbccddbaddacccddddbcabadabbaacabcdcabaaaaccbabacabdcbdddcaccadbbbdcddaadb abbcbccaaccaadadbddacccabcddbbcacbadcadbbacbabbcbcadcdadbbcdcbbabdbabdccaaacdaddadcaababccaddddd
dcddccdbcadbdcabdbccddabdcdddbdcddaaabcbbcabdbccabdacadbbabcdcacdabbcacdaacddabcbbbd bbaacddcdadadcccbdaacddbccdccdadaaadcbabdbccbabcdcbbbdaccdbaccadbcdbdbcaccdcabdbdbcd
dcdadabdbcacbacbbbbbbaabbcbccdadddcdabbbacbaadcacbabaacccbdcccbcbdddaadbaadabccdcdadacbddabcc cdaaabddddaabbdcaaabcdbbadbdaddadbbaddddcabbbacbdaccddabaccaddcddabbdcdadaabdbaabaaabbcbbd
daddddcadacbdcccadddbcabdcadbccaddbccabdbaabcdaaabbabdbadcaadcacabcbdcaababadddbdcabb abdabcabacdabcdadbabbdaddbdddacdbddcbbcbbdacbbcdccdbdddbdaacbbadddccadcbbcddaddbdac
bacdaccbbcbdddcddccabbdaacbdadcbbaddaadabdcaaaaaadabcdddabaaacbbdbbcbbcdbddaccdcbd dcdabacabddbcddcadcacbbaccbcacabbcaadaabdadcdaabdccbddbddbbbadcdbaabdbcabdbabcadbcbaadbcdcaaca
aaadabdadcbabbbbcdaacabddaacbabcaadddcaabacadabdacbadbbbaccacbabbcccbbababcaacddbccddbd badcdacadacacbacadbdcaadadcdbdbbddabbccdbbdccbbcdaddbbdabaabdbabaaacbbaccdadcdbabcccc
babbbcbbdbabdcababcabcdabdcacbcaccbaddbbdddbbdacaaabcacbcadcdabbadccdbadadcadbccbbbcbadabdabbdca dddcdcadbcddaaccccbadcccccbadcbccadaaabaaccbdcdbbbdbacabcdbbdbaacccabaaabcdcddccd
ddddabbadcbababbccdcbaccabbdccdcddbddcbbbabbccabcdbcdbbaacbbaaacddadabdbbcddccabcabaaabdd bbbabccbdbaaaaddacdbacddcbcbdddacaadbdacbcbbcabddbdabccbcbdbcbccbaacbaaddaaaccbaacddbbdbacbd
cbddbccdcadbbaddbabadbaaacbbaadadabcbbdbccadcddaccdacaaaadbdaadcdddabbdbccaaaabbabaddaddabdaba daacbacbbaababdbacbbbabccaadaccabcbbbadbccbdbadcbadbaccbacdcaadbcddbaccadddaacaac
dbaacaabccdcdcabbbaabdbccbaaddcbcbccdddacdcdbdbbdaabacbcdabaddacddccaccdcdbaaadbbaad abcdbdabcdbaccbcdbdcdadadcbdccaadcabddbdccbdbcdbdcdbbbaddcddbdbbcccddaaabaaacdcccbbaacadbadabddc
dcaddbbacabcbdcdccadbcbbadabbcbdbcaadbddaddccdbdcbdcbadccdcdacbdbccdbcdabbcaacadbbdacdbcbbb aadcdccbbcbabdacccbacabaccbbddddabdacababaccbbdcabbaaacacddddbabaddddcbbdcbdccaab
ccddbbdadadbdbddbbccbaddcccdbbbababcaabbcddbccbddbbdbaabdacccdbaccdabbbadaadcaaabdbacdbcdccaabadaad dbdbbacbaacbdaabdbabbcddccbabdddbacacdadbabbbbadbabddabdbbdabccbabacaacdbabdabaccdbdddcbbaabb
aabcabaddacbcdbdcabdabcbdbdbddabacbbbdabbdbacdcccaaacbccdbdddaccbbbdadcddcbcdaccbdcbdc acbcddcbadaabadcccbdaddacbbdcbabdddbadaacbcdaaddcccaadacbdadccaaccaacbbbdaacacacddcdcadbbda
dbddbbaadaccacacccadddcbaaddcddbaaacbaabadcabbacbdbcddddbbddadbacdcbbddccaaabbccdacbadccbc cddababcbbbdddcdacbbadbcdcddddcdbbdcbcbcaabababcbdbacabaabbaacaacdbbccddbcacadcbbcdbbba
abdaaddddaaddbcdccbdaaadcdacacdcaaacabadbddaaaaadabaadcdbbaccbbbdcdadaaadbcdbdbaabddcdcdadcaddaaa cabbacabaaccdacaadcbaccccdddbbdbddadabbddacbaddbccadbbabdbbddbbcdbcbdcabbbcbcdccccbbdabbcdbca
bdadaacaadcdacbbaaccbcacaabdaccadbccabcbaaaddddadabaacbbdacbabcbdddacacbdcdcccbcccbaacbbaaccccc bacccbdddccabdccccccccadcdcccaabccccadbcacacabdbcaacaaadbcccbacbbdddcddbcabdacabdb
adbbccdbbddcdbdccddbcacdccadcddbcdaddccbacddcadbdbdaaaadaaabacabbdbaccbcbbbcdccdbcdaadddacbdc cdbbddadacbabdbbcbbbdbcabdadcbbacdbbcdacbbdccaddcaadcbdaadccbaddcdcdaddcbdacabbabaccdca
cbdcccadddbddbdbcbcabcdcabbcadadccaaabbbdbcabcbcabddbcbdcacbdaacbcdccbaadbbbccbd cabcbcbaddbaacdcbdaaacbabcddaaddaccccbdacdddcbbaadbcbbccdcdbaabbccadccdbbbaadadbdbcbab
dcccabcdaaccdbbdacbccddbcabdcbcdddacdaabaaabbadcabadcdabacdbdaccabbdcbbdbccdcddabaaadb adbddacdccdddbccbabaacccddabaddaabbbcbdadddcdabbdcacccbddaccdbccaacdadccaddcdaccabbccabbbcdabcaa
dcbccddbcabadbdbccdddbdaadcbabcdcdabcbaddcdcaaadaabaaabcbcaccbbdaadbacaacbcacacadbadbdacdcaaddac bdababcbdcddccdacddacdbbcdaacccbccccddccdcbbdabaadbddcdbdbdccacbdddbaadcdccbbbdcabaabbbd
cbbcbacdbcccaddbdababdabaadcbcdbcbcbbcabbccadbcdbbacccddbbcbbcadbcabadaabbadbacbbcacdbbdbbaaa bdabbbbadbbcaddbbdabddbcbbaadcabbbcccbcbbccdcadcbaadddbadaabdccaddbdadbbadcddddcab
aacaaddbbadcaaccbdddcbccccdbbaccccdcbcddaacccddbddcbacdabccaaacbddbdcabbbcdacbdccbbcc aaacdadabbaaccddddcabccaccacdacbbdabdcbadcaaccacbaacbcbbbabbacdcaabacccaaadbcbccddcdcabbacaa
cbdcddcaabaaaccbacdaabbbabdabadacbcacbbbcacdcaddbccdcacabbbcaddcaadbbdbcaacddabbca ccdddbcdaacacddcdbbaaacbbdababbbadcabcabaaddcdbdaaaaadcdbddadcbcccdbdacdbcbddcdddcdbabcb
ddbcdababbbacbadccabdccbbbaccabbacccabadbaddaddccdcdadbbadbddccbbcbcdacccccacabccbadbccabcacdab ddbdbbbcdddabdbcabcaaaccddabcbaacdbabbbddcdcbacabbdadbcdccbabbbbaadbcabcdacababa
cbccadaddbdabdddaabbdbbccbccbaacaddcbcddddbbcdcabbcabcacaadcdcbaabccabbdabbdccbdaddddddccdabcadbcb bcddbcaabbbacdbccbdbaccbadaacddbaaccbbcaacdbcabbaaddacdcbdbaaccdbadcbcbbddacbcdbbcbbccdbdadcddcbcbc
dbcddacccdabdcbbddadbacccbddbbacbaabcdcbdcdbadccdcdbbaabbabbacaadaacadaabdbacbbabdcddbaaddbbd aacbcabbbdabcacdcbbdbcbdbaaaacdcbbcaaabcabcadaabccdcadcdddbbadaaddcbcbdaacabbbaadbacddcabddbadcabb
cabdddcadddcabacaaddbbadcbdccdbddbaaaacaaadcbcabdaadcaabbcacbacdbcdabababbacdbccbcaadbac ddaababdacddbabcccccdbccddddbdcbcaadccdccbbdacccbcddddaadcaaabdbadddbddcccbdacdacada
cadcacccdaabadbcabccdaaaadbdbdbababdcbcbdbdadbabbcbdbaadaddddbbbcaccdbabdbcddacabbbca dadadbbcdaccbccddcbdbadabcacadadcdacaaadbddbbbdcbccdcdbcbdaabccbdbcabdbdaadddcddacdcabbccd
bcbabdcccccccddbcadacdcacbcdcadabdcddaadccacacadcabdabadaddaddccabcbcccdcadbaadd dcdcccbcaadbdbaabaacbdbccacddbbaccbaadaabddacbbcdbcadbcacbddbbbacaccabcdabbccbdcaadbadcdb
ddacbdbdaddadbbcccaaaadcdbbbccddddcbdcbaaacabcbbdbbcabbcbcadabcbbccabccddadaccbaddbccbdadadddbb ccaabacbdbbcaccdcabadabaddcdabdadcdadbbccbdccdcacdacbdaddabddadaaabbbadcadddddddbddadcbdadca
dccbadadcdacccabcacdadabdabcbcacbabccbdbbacbbcbddddaccbcdccdbdcdcdacabcdadcccbcaadbbbcbcd daaabacbdbaccdcacbbbbbabbdaccdabbabaadcdcbbcccdaccbabadacbcdcabadacdcacbdbbcdcbab
daddddcadbccaaabcbdabcaadddcadbdccddbdbabadababaccddabaadbcaccdccdaadcabbddaabcdabda bccddadcacdaddbbbdbcabbdbabdbbabdabacbddabbddabacacdccdadcababcbddcbacbcdcdcaaadcccabbbabbcbd
ccbabddbddccabadcaabbdaababdadadabaccadaccdbddcaacbccbdabbcdabdbbcdabbccadddcdbdacaacadbddadbccad acdccdcccaabdcdacdcdbabbdcccdaadbbbcdbcddbdadcbbabaaabaaaaddcbadcdcbaadcdcdcdbcccacbbbbbccd
dbdbbdcdbcbdabdbacaddacacbaaaaabbcbcabcccacbdadbbdcdabddacadcbacddacadcdbcbcbdabbacbcabcbbbdcaba dcabcadcaadcaaabddbcbbbadcaadbdadbcddddbdaddcdbaadbaaddbdbbabaadcbdaddbaadcdacbcddb
bcaadcdadcbdbcbabccddbbdababbbacdddcbcbbdccdbaacdacbabcdacbaabdccccadbdcaaccbadbbcbdacccacdddcc acacacbdbcccdaabdcadacccacdabbbabcdbdaacdbbbaaadacacdcdcabcdccbdcdcbcdcdaccdcdbbccdcccbcbbcdbbcaa
baabbdbdbcdcbdcccaaaaabaabbcacccaacccbbdaddccbccabaddabbcbdcadacbbdbcabcabbadadb bddddbbbbabcaabaddbccadbdcbdccbaaadbcbdadcdabdbdddcacdabcdcccdddcbbcbcdcddcdbacaaacccaccbbbdccccbad
ccaaabdbbbcabdaccaabaaaddacdcbdacccadbbaacccaccbdbabdabbabcdbabaacbcdddcbbabcbbadababdcdbadc ddddcdbbabdadcaabdbbdadbdbcbccdbbbdcddcbbbbababdcbacbcdadbccadbbcbaccbbcbbbabcdbaddcacdadb
bcdbdccdbccbacbcccabcccbbbcabddccbacddbcdaadadcaaabaabbcadacbccbbaadbbbcadddbbdbba abacddbaabbbdbaccbbdaddabcacdcabaaddbdcbcdaaabcadadbcbcdcbbcdcdbbbdaddcbdbcddaddcdbdaacad
caaaaadbbddddddaddccaaaaddaacadcccccaacacaaddcadddbbdaacabdcccdbbcdabdbbaccbdcdccdacadcadcccabdbb bbacddcdcccbcdbbbccddbbabdabcaabacaddbdcdccdddccccabcabacddadbbbcabbacbbcdbadcbaccddaaacdcc
daadccadacbbbdccddcddaabbaaabcdcdcdcdbdcdbbbbaabadbbdcccaadccbcbadabbabbcaabbbaadaddcbcbdaadacab caddcaabaddbadbcddbadbddcbadbdbbddabcbbdbdccaacabbababbdddcbddbacbcbbbccccbdabacdcb
abcbcacadbddbddbddbbbccaadbbcccdcccadadacaacbacdaacbbccacaaddbcbdaadcbabacddaaccdbccaaccbddbcdb cacaabcdbddaaadcbbbcbacbdbcacbdabdbccdcbddcdcbbcababacaaaadaaddacccdbcabaccabbbcdd
cdcbccaccacbcdcababcbbbcdadaaddabbacdcbcacbcccaaabbddbcaacbadddbcacdcaccbbadccccdcbdb dcabbcaabbcddadaacacddccbdaabbcbaabbaaadacadacccccdbcaccbcbabcbdcbbbddbdccdbcbaaacdaccbcabcbdb
ccadcacaacddcdbcdbccbabbdabcabaacadcdbdaddabcdbdbbdcaadaaccdcacbdbaccadcdcbddacddcb ccaddaddcdadcbacbbcacdacbccdddbbdabdadaccadbcacadabacadcbabbcbccaacdcddbaaaaadabdaaccbcccdaa
ddcdccdaabcadccdcbcbccddcbbaccbadaacadcacacdbcdcaccacbbdbbacbcdcadabccbbaadcbabbcaac cacdaccccaacdbaadacccddbdababacbdcddcaccbcadacbacbbddaabdcbadbddccbccccbbbccadcabcbabcb
adbbcabbaadbbaabaabbddbacaadbadadbabdabaadbcccdadaabbaddbcabdcacbdcdcbbadadbdbacdcbd cccbbbdbcdccaaccbcadbccbdabdbbcacacaabbbbcabcbbbcadabdbbbacaacaccbbdbdbdadccdcbdcdcbddbaabcadbc
abaaabaabcabcdadcdacbdddccaaadcbbabddddadccdcccbacbccabacadbccbcdbbabcadcbccbbbbaddacdabaaaddbdbaba bddabbaabdabccaacadcdacdddaccaadccdbaadacccbbdbcdccdacaddbbcbcacacdcbdcdbacdcaccdc
bdbddcaababbccdcaacbaaaabadaacdcdcbcadbacdddcbcbaacaadaddddcccaadabdbdcdbdcbcccdddb cbcdccddaaaaacbddcdaacccddbadcbcadbbdbbbccdbbdccadabadabaccbbdddddccbdbcbadbdbbadadbcddabdacabbba
aadabacbabbbabbbcdbbbdbbbabbdadbcdaddabbddadddadbdcbabcabaadaaacadaaccdbbcaabadbdbabcb baddadcbbaccbbdcaccdddabcadddcbabddbbaccdbbdbdbccbbcccaaadaaaddccbccccbcccaaabbbcdbcccbaadbd
cdaadddbbcdbacdbdadcadddaacdcbadadcddbadbbbdddadbccdcadcbdaadadccbcbdcacbbaadcdbdbccad dcbbcbadcdaaddbbbddddcdbbabbcbdccddbcdddcccbbdadadccbcbabaabccadbbadbdbacdaaaccaabb
cdcdbcbbcbdaabaadbcbcbbbabddbbabbbcadbdabddcddbaacddbabdbccdabbbdcdabdcdbadbbccdbddab adcccdcdbdddbabbcdbcadadaaacbbbbdddbcbaadbaadcaddddbcdadbddcdacaaabdacdcbdacccdaadbabbda
addbcdaaccdaadcbcbbddbcdcaccdbbcddbdbcabdbccaacdbdcacadbcabcccbcbdabbbdababadbbbdb dcacbdbbacbbdcbaccccbbcabadaadddcbdbabaaadbbbdacadbdccddabadcaacacadaadddbbadaabdbddccd
abacccddbcdbbbbcbadbdbaabacbdacadaacaaaacdcbcaacdcbbbaadcbccbcccadcbdacbaaddacdcacacc bcddadbdbdccbdccaddbbcaabaddcbbabcdadaabcddcbcbbddddddccbdabdadcbcbcacdbabdadcbd
cadddaacabcbbadaddbdbdccbdaddaccbadaabcddcbdbdcdabdcdcaadaccacccbadadddcbcaadacbbdbacbcddbaacdbcacc acbacacbaaadadbbacbbdbbdcbcdabdcdccbcbbcdacccbcaacccdbadcadbcacdbccdbcbcdcdabccdbbddcdbb
cbdaaddcaddabcbacaaaabbbdacbcbcbbcbcaacbdcadaabbdcbbbaadadbabccddbacababbcbdbcdcdbabcabadaacb bccadbcbcbbbbdbbcdbdbadcbdcccdbcaaaaaadcacacdccaacbbadbadabaaabdccdddbcbaaabbdbc
dccdacdbaaddabbaddbacaccabcdaaaabcdcbdcacdbadccababcbbbdbddaddabbaabadbcdddbbadccda cacbdcdadccaabdddaadcbbbcddcbabdbcbddcbcdcabdadccccbcbcbddccbadcaccadddaabbbbbbaacaac
dbcddacbabdccbcadddbdbbdbdccabbdcdbadbabddccaabccbcbcabdcaababccdaacddcbbbacaaddcdadcdaccaca cdcbbdbdddbdacbbbaddacdcaacaaccbcdcaaddbbddcdcddabbabcbcdbbbaccbbaaccbcbadcbaaacccaadccaabcb
acdabddccdcababbdcbcccaabbbdcdcbdcdabacadaabbcbdcabbdbcdddddabacbbacadadbbcdaccadbaacdbababddbad bbadcaadacdadaabcadcbadacabacabbdbcdabccabbaacddbdaabcdacbdbcabaddcaaccabcacbdddcaabac
aabbcbddcacacadabacabdbdabcaabdddadabbdbcdaacdcccccbbcdadbddacdcaaaaacababdadabadbcdcaacbdbaa dadbdbcdbcbabddadabddcddaababcacbaabdbcccbacbbcbcadccdbcadcabdaadadbdacdddaccacdaccababcaaadadacc
abcdddadadbcadcbcddccacdabcacdccabcadcddcddacacaabbaadbaabababcacaadcabdbcdbbacbcda bbcabcccabaabcbccbbbacadccccdcaaddddbbacaddbdadbbbccaddbaadababbcbbbdadcacbcaaacdcabbdbbbdccbd
ababbcbbdbabdbcbccacadababddbcbccbaddddbdabdaddbbbabbcabadbccbcabacddabcacdabdabdcbaacdaadadd ddcdbbddbdbcdaddbbcccbbdddbbabdccdddcacbacbcbbcbbdbdccbbdacdcacdddbcddbacbadcbacbcbbcdddbcaabcbc
cdbacacaccadadacbcacbaadbdacdabddadbdcddccdbabaacbcbaaaccacbdaadaacbdaadbccbddabd adadacdbacbdcccdabccbaaababbabcbbacbbaabcacaaabacccdddbbbdccaacadcdbcbbdcdaaadcbbdbbbddcbabadaabadc
ccbdddbaacdbccaaadbcccdcddcdcabdacabdccdcddccdcdcdbdcddcddbddcbdcbbcccadaddacdcbaddadabdcccaabcccbd baccbcdbbcddccadaaddabdcbbbacaddbdbcbcaccccbaccdddabacdcdbdbcbacdaabadaccbcabdaccdcadacdaacddabba
addbaacaadbccdcacadcdbabdcbdabbaacbddcbabccbbbdcdbcdbadbcbbcacdcaabbabbccadccbcccdabdadccdacddabb dccdbddcdbadbcbcbaddadaaaabadabbcbbddaabdacacbadadaacadbbbabcdbadddaabadcdcaaabaddaabbbdbbaccaacbbb
daacdddbbdacbbbbdcbdacdabddabacadabcdbbdadbdbaacbbdaacbaaabdabcddcabdbcabccbdcaddcdccddcdbdddbc bdacaaabdbabaddcddabadacacbbbdbcbdaaaacbabaacdccbdcbbbbcadbdaddddacbdbdcaccbabbd
cddddaccbdbbdbccbaddccabbacaaabdaabcdcbbbcddbdaadbabbaabcbcdaadacccbbacaaadcdcbdcdab abdbccddaababddddcdaabcdadacdbbcbdddbbbbaaccababadbdbddbddbdabdcdcdbcccbdaaddcaacacabcbbcc
baabaabaacaccdabdcddbcbadbccadddbaaddcbdcaaacabbdcabcbcdadbbdacabacacbbabdadddaccbbcbdbcdbcccdda dddabdddaddbbaccbacdcdbcabbbcddbbaadbaacadababbcbbddaaaacababcbdbdbabbcabbdadadcbdbddabbbaab
dccdbbddadbdcacbdbcdbaaddcbcbbbcccdcaababccadabbcdccdbadddcdcbbdaaddcbcbabdabacddddcbbacbabac addbbaadcbbbdcaacdadbbcadcacbdcccacddabccbbadabbbcdbcdabdcadcdddbbdcddbaccdbcdbcbdcdbbbccacd
bdbbcccbddbbccacaaacdabdcdccdcdaccbbdaddadcabbadaddccbadcddbbbcabdbcbabdddcabddcbbddaadababadcdcbaa aacbcadcbabadbbbbdddbbdbbbccdaabbadcddaabdcacbcacdaccdcccaacbbcccadcdaaadbcbdbad
dbcdaacbcdacaaaabdcbccdacabbbbaaacdcbdccdbbbaccbacabaddcacbdcbbcacabbdbdaacacdbbdabb cbcadbbbaaabaababcbcbccccbabbdbabcdcdbdbbdacdbbbcaaaaadaaabccdbbcbddacccabbbdaadcbcbcbbdc
abcacdacdddaaaddadaacdaaaaabbddbbdaddbbbddbdaababccaaacdaaababddbaacbcdcdcbabbdaabcbaa bdbaacddbddbbcbbbacbadbddacddbcbbacdcbcbbcdcaadbbdccdddbcdbbbcdabbaaccdbccdcbbacbbcaacdcdaacaaacc
acbddcccddcabcbbbbcabdddbbdcadccaadcdcdcbabaabaacaabacdcdbccadcabcaabdabdbcabbbacccbcbbddbbdcdcaad cbaabdcdddaaacccaccdcbddcdaaadcddbacaccdbddcaadcbdadcbccaabbbacdcbcadcbccabbabccbbdbabdadbabcbdaaa
cbabbdadadbabbbadbbdaaacbbcbaaabbdbdbcaabbcddbcaaccbcaabadddbabadbcdbacdbbcbdcddabacbbac daccabdcbcdaaddacdcbcbbadcdccddbaccaacbaaccdcdccabbabcdaadcdbbcdddabddccadbacccbdcacd
abaddadadcacbaadaacddccabbaaaaccdbacabdddcabccddaadabcbdadbbcabacbbdadcadcdccabbbabaaa dcbcbcacadbacbbbaadccbccabaaadbccabbddbbdcabbaaadbabbddcacadcbbabbbbbcbbdcabaaddbabacbcddda
cccacbbccacacaddcaaddcbdddbdccdcccbdbaadbacaabaadadccdddcacaddcabcacdcaaddcaadbcdcbdcaacabcbcdcd babcccccccdcbdddccdddaacadabbbaadbccacbccddacddddbcccbacdbdcaccacadbcabdbdddcaccdaaacdc
acaccbbdcabcacdccadabddcdbdaacbaacbddbdcddddbdabbcaacaadcccbabadadaabcbadbbcaacbcabcbbaadaacbd bacdbddcdbdcccdccaaccdabccbcbdaadaabaacbcdacbbbabacaabbbccbbabaaaccadacbcabbdddcacbdcacacbcdaccddac
bbbbcddccacbaccaaddbcdcaaacabaabccddbbccdccbccdadbcaacabccbacdbaababaddcacbddbbbaccacabbba cbbddbbbacdaabadddbbbbcdacbbdccddcbcacadcacbacccaddbdabbddaaadbadbacccccabbdbcbd
abbdcbdcdddbdcbacbbaacddcbadacacabdaaacaacbabbdcbccbadddddcbacadcdcbabdcdcbcadcbbdbcbc bdaadccbcccccddcddbbdcbbbdaacbcdcbcbbaddbbaaabdadcaccdabbcdadababaabbcbcacbaaaacdddabd
bddbbdaadbbdcbadccddccabaacbabbddbddddbcabdcdbdccdaccaacbdbcdbddbaccbddddcacdaadbbbcbbaadac abbdacbccbdbbbcbbcadccdbbabdbaabacacbddbbaadacaccbdbbadcbddadddbcdbcaadcddbbdadcaccaccb
bcdcbabccddbdcacbcdadadcbaaaaadaddaacadcbddddbbbbcabdcdccabaabcadcbaccddacbcabbaadadcdccc cccdbabccddaacaaaabdcdccdbdcdcddcdadccaadadbdbabbaabdadaccaccbcbccaadabcdcddbccdaccdab
cbdbbdcddaabdadbbdbbbccdaccccabddcdbadaadcdcdddcdabaccdcbadbcbadbacbcacabdaddccabddbbbdadbadbddcbc bbcbcbbbdbdbbddbdbadbabbdcabcdcbdaababaaadabbdbbccdcaddadaaacacaaaaadbbdbcccbbbaacdba
dccdabcbdabcdaddbcbdcabccddbbcbbbdadbacaadcdbddbcabdcbabcdaddaacbacacbbdacccbbbcdbdccdccacccaababa abaccdcdcddcacbcaccaaaddababdabbbccccbacaaccabacccadccddbadcdddccabccacdaddbacaccdcd
abcbbadccbcadbdacabdacacbbddadbaccbdaddabbcaabcacdaacdaacabbcbacacadccdaacacbbcaabccdc dbabcabadccaabbbdabdcdddbadcddabcacbdadcdabaaadcccbcdcbaadbbcccbbccaabbabdbcbcca
dcacdcadccdbaaaababbddbacacdcdbddbbcdcabacddbccdbbcccabdcdddcbbccdaadaabadaccdababddccbacd dabacdbacdadabdaddbccbbaddddcadabaaddaccaddddbaabdabbbcdcbacdbaabcccddaadcdcaadddcbaacddadc
adcdaacdbdaabddaadadbdddddbabcbbdbaacbabcbcdcbababdbcdccbbbbbbadcaaddccccdabaaddaccdabbdbb bacacadbbdcdbdbdcbcddacdadbabdcaacaaccaaccdccdadbdbaadbaacbddbbabdaadaababccbdcacdaabab
bbcdabcbbbbdcccbdddcbbabdaaabbaabdababdcbbdcabcdabcadbabddabaaacdadbdaccadccbbbbdbcadbdcaabcba aaacbbacbddaacaadddbcddbaddcdabccacdabcacdddbcbaabbcdccbdaaacbaadadbbddacdacbcabd
dabccbabaabaccdbbaccbdbcdbdacbbddcbdbccdcadddbcacdaabacabbbcdbbaaadccdcaadabcabcabadcaaadc dadcdabbcddcddaacccbcbccbcacdadbdacabaabcbcddddabbdadcbcacaddddccbabadbbbaccaccaaaabacdbbaaaacda
abbdbbaaaccdbddadbacccaabcabbabadcdababdaadccbcbbdabbdbabaacbadbaabdbcbcdcbcdadac cacdaacbdaabdcbdcabcaabcaabddbbaddadbdaddccbbadbdbcbabbbdbbabdbaddbbcbdaaddddacbabacaaacbbbaba
dbcbabdccbbabdccdcbaaadbdcacaddabdbdbccadcdadaccccacbcddacdbcabbacdbadcabbdacabaadacacadababadccb cdbccbbbdbaabddadccadddddbcdaabaaaccadcaddbddcaadabbbadcabbcbaaadbbdcccbcaddcacbabcc
bbdcbcdcdcbabcbddccbddcbdacdadcdbaabaabbcacbaabcabbaaaabddbcdbbbbaacbcacbdabdccacbcaddc abbabdbcccdcabadcdbddaccdabcbaadcbddcdaacdbbbcbdbcbabddaaadadacaccabcbcddcaddaba
bdaaabbadbcacaaaaddbdcbdccdadbbbbddacdcbcdadccbdcaabbcbbccaaaacbaadbddbcbcbdcbbaccdcdabddcaccaddad bddbdaaaacddaacbbaadacacbbcccddababbbddbbbdcdccbaaadddbaabbadcdacbbbacbdaaccacbdddbddccdda
dbdddacaababacdccaabccdaadbddbbabadbaacaadbcabbdcbabdadcccadddacabcabbaacacbccdcab ddacbaabbcdabdbaacdccabbddcdbbbcdaddadaacaadcbaacccaaabcdbbdadadbaabbdadcdacddbddaaddcbcbaddb
addbccbbdacdcddbddadacdbdbcccdbdcabcbdacdbaacdaadabcbdbaddadbbcbdbdcaacbbabbdcdcbcaadaabacaddd ccaabcacadbcabaaacaaccdbbcbcdddbbaccdacaadbdccababccacbcdbccaddabdbbadabaacbbadcadcdbb
dababacddccbabdbaabbcadbccccaadcbadbacababdabbccababdccabcdabcbcadbcabcadbbbcdcbdabddbcaadd bddbacccacdbdcccacbadcabaddadacababbcbcadacdabbbdacbddbcdbdcdaabdabbcbabadadccbb
cbdcdadccabbbdcadaddcbaddbdadcbacaaccbdbbccbcdaaaaabcadaaadbbaccccddadcdbcbaaccd dcadcabdacdaabdadbcccabcacdbcbcbcaaabdcacacddbaaaadaddaacaaadcadcaccadbbdbddcbdaaa
cadcddbdccdcbaabcccdbaccdbdbbbcbadcbbbabcccdcdabddccbabbcbcbbcbacbabbddddbcbacaaacdacddacacdcadbac cccbcaaabadbadccdcbcacbcaddcddababaabbcacddbdbaccbccdbdcdcdddbbabbabcbbadcadcdaacbcbbcac
adcacabcdbcccdbcbdbbdcbbccbbaccdbcabcabdabadcdcbaabacbbcbdbddaabcbcaabdbcbdcbdadacdbaacacadcb dcaaddbacbadabdbddcdbdacdbbbdbcccacbcddddddacdabccbccadcaacacaddadcdabccdcdcbbdddbddacbbcbbacbbc
ccbadadbaaddacaadacacbdadbdddccccbcdccddbadbcbdacabcadcbaaddbaccdcbcacaadcdadcaadbccabcadcccdbd cbdadabdbbbdcbcbccbbccaababaabdbbddbacdaccbcdcacccbdbccadddddcbbaacabacacabaccadcddbbaaaa
bbacbcdadbadaaddbdaccbbcaabaaccbdacbddbaddadcaacbdaccaddccdcaddbbcdccadabccccbccdcdddbbbbaba bccbcacaaababaacbccababbbccddcdcacacdbcddaacdcbbaddbccaabddabadbdbdaaddaaacbbbbdbddaddbcbba
adcbbccaacdcbadcabcacaadcdcbbcbcadcccbbabdbccaabbdccddacaabcccbcabdaadddddbaacddabccbcbdada cadbbacadbbcbdbddddacdabdaaacdbbbaacaddbabacaccdbccddacabbcbbbabcaaabaabadcbabbaaddaaccdbbaaac
dabdbadabcbaaaadbbcdcbccbcbcadbdbddbddcbabdacdadabcdcaaacdccaddcccbdcbbaadccdaca addaabccbccbbcdddcdbcacbdacdacdaccdcccbacdacaacbcdabaadcacbcacadabadcaabcacbbdadcaacaaddbabdbcbcc
dbbdbbcbddcbcaabcabbcdbcdcbbcaccddadaabddbbdabbbcbbcaadbddabbaccacbbabbddadbaddacdadbacccbbb aabadcbdbbbaaacbdddabbdbbbcdadcbabcbaadcdbbddaadbdbcaadbbaaccadbacddbbcaaabadddcaabbdcbadaacacbbab
adbaaddaaabbadcdadacdabbdcdcddddabcabaacbcaaaddbadbbcbdbabbbdaadbddaaadcdcbaabbacadbdbacdab baaadabdbadbbcaaaccbadbccccbabcbcbbdaadcdaadbcdbcbaccbdbacbdddcddcddbabbbdddcdcddccdd
bbbbdbcdaaabdabcbabaadacbabdcbcaabadcdddddcaabbddbcbadcadbdbbccccadbcdcbdddabadbdddbdcaa adbdcbcadabbcadccbdcdcaddbbcdbcbdadacdcbbcbcbdaabbcdccbaadacdacabccccaabdccbbbcdbbbca
bdcbdadabcccddcbcacabcadabdabbdcdbabbcbadabdcbbaddadbddabadcaadacbbbaddabccabccbabcdddb caabaabacacbccdccccccaacbddcdadcdcbacadacdbbacbdcaabcdcddbccadaaaddcdbacdbacabbddb
bdddcbadaccdaaadcdbadddadcadbaaadccccaaadbabccbbcbbabddcdbdcaaaacacdcbdbacbbcacbabcacddabdddb aaadcbcdabbcbcbbddaddccdabdbcbabdaaabaccbbcbccaadbacadbdacdbaacbaddcbcadcbabddcbcbbbacdcaaabbdcdcd
bdcddadcacbacdaabddbdcacdaabcdbcbbabccaabcbacbdaacabadcdaddacbcddbadcdcbaccbbdcbdcabdbbaac cdbcccbbddbbccbdcaababcabaadccdbddbdddbcbcbaadadccbbadccbcadbcddadbdccaacaccaaddaccdabc
addddbdacbdbddbdcabbcaadaccbdbbdbbbaaccabbbddbbbbbcdccbaadbddddbcaddadcacaadabcabddabdac aabcdaccdcbbdcaaddabcadbbcbbbcdccbbdabcddcbcaacaccadadaadcdddbccbbdcbcdbaabadcbddbddaabddcbcacb
bdacbbabacaabadddddaadcdaaabdcbdcbdacaababbacbbdcaadaaddbdcdcbbdacdbbddaabbaadcaacbbaaccaca dbbacadddbdcabbddacbdaadbdbbcdbbbdaadacccbabadcddcadaccaaacbaacdadcabdbbcadabcbdbcccdccaaddadacbc
aabcccacbacabcdccdcddcbaabcbdddbaadacaaabdcdbccdacbadcbcddcbdadaacdaaadbbdbbcbcdcbbadbddbdbda adcbdcddbdcabccaaabaabbbacdcabacdbdababcbbcbaabdacdabdaacddcdbcabadccaacccadbcacadcbaa
dccbbbdbccacdaacaacbdcbacbbadcaaadadbcaccabddccccccdcbddabaccadcdddbabcacccccdbddbbcad baadcdadcaacadaabcdbacdadbbddbabdacddabcbadbaddaadccbbbabaccbcdbabdbcbaacdbcacdadacdaaadbdadddb
dacadbbadccbabdaaadddaabccdbcbaddcdddbdccadabccdaacccdadacdcccdbaccdcdacacbadbdad ccbcbbbadbaccbcabcbbdaccadadcdacdcaaabadbcabccbbbcbccdddccaacacabbccdccbabcadbdadbbaacdbadbc
cabbdcacdadcaddacdbdabadcdcaaabbaaacaabadbdbdbbacadbcbdbdbcacbdddddbddabacdadbbc ddbabdaddbddcbdbdbdadadcdcbbababbcccdbdbacbabcbccdadcccbdddadaadabacbadacacabcacbcddbbccadabbddddd
daabbdadddccdacaacadcacbcbbcbdcabbabcccabdbccbdaabdadbcbdbadaddadbdabbbdcadcbadadccbb cdddbbdcabdcdcaddbdcabbaacaacdbbcbbddacdcccccddaadadddadddddbaaccbadddcaccdccaccacacabcaddcbad
cdadadcccdbbbbdbadddcdabdbddbabbabacacbbdcdbdbbddacddcbbbaccdaaaddddbdcddbcdacbacacbcadaadbcbd abcacccdadccaccdbcddabcdbacabdcacdccacdaacccaadddbdcdadddadcaadbabdbcdbbbdbaabbbadcbcbbdbbcbbcba
acbbdbadbaaabdbccbbbcbccddaadcbdbbccbbaabbadbbabcbdbdaaaaadcdacabcaccabacacddcaadcabcccacadaa adaccbbadabbccdcaaabdbcaacdccddbcbcbdbabcccaddbbbdcdbcaacddbaacbadaadbcababdbbabd
dbaadadcaccabcccadddbaacdacacddbacacaccaaaddcaadddbdacdadadddabdcdbaddbbcacdcaadc adaabcbbcacaabccdcabccccdabccaacabadcadcdabaabdbaaadadaaadabdddcaadbdaacbdaaaddcc
adacaabdccbabbcbbababcddadaadcadbadccbbaabbdbdcacdbcabdbbccabbcadddcbbdcdaddacdcadbbadc cabbcbbababcdbdbdacaacadddcacdbbabaabdccdacaabbacbaacabddcacbdbcbabddbbaadddccccb
cacccabbaacdbdbbbcbcabcabcadabcbacbbbbdccbbaddacbbdabcccdabaccbcdadccddddbcccadbaacbdbcdcdabacbcdb cabddabbdcbbaadaabbadccdaaaabbbcccdbadaadbbadcaaaddaaaaabbaccbbbaaacdcddcababadcacdcadbdaccdcababca
aabbdbccdccabccbacbcddbbacddacabccbbdbbbbdabbbcbdddcbbbadadbdcbdddbbaaddbbcbadaccadcacbcacadcaaaa aabbbadbbcbbcbadccbdcaaddadadbdacbdabbabddbdbbbbaabdbbddbaaccaaabbadbbbacacababacbabbc
baaddcbcccdbadabaddbbdbcacdcdcdababdabddabddcbcdaccabdcabbbaaccacbbddacbacbadccbacacab babbdbbdbaadaddaabdcddacbccbbdcdddacddcacbdbaaaaadbbabcbbbbccdbaddcaddcddacdbadbabcaccdb
cbaddaabcaddbbaabbaaccccaaabbcacdbcabbadcbdaaccadccccdbdbbacacdabaacdabacadbbbccdaaddcadca aaadbcbbcbbcdcbcbadcdbdcabcbaabcacdcbacbdacddbdadacabcccbababadabcaccdbbcacabcabccdababcadccbcbdcbc
adbabaaabcaddabcbccddcbdddbccbdacaaadbacdbcbcbcaaaddbcbbbdbbabbcdcdacabcbbbadcdcdca dddadbdbbcabdadcbdccdccdadbadabdbbcbbcabdcbaccdbddddabaadbddbdcbddbccaccacbccbbaca
cbdbddcbcdcbccdcbdaaccacaadbbddacabbbaaabcddbcdbdadbbdadddbccadcabcacdaabddbdddcdccdcbcbbdb abaaabcbdaddababbdbdcbcbdcdadcabddbbdaabddaccbcdcacacbbbabcabddddbcadadbdbabddbabbbcbcdbcaab
bdbbcacdccbaacdbdacaaaabbdccddabddaaccbacdbabbaddcbdcdbaabbcccabdbabddddbccdacdcabdc cccdacddcbcddbdbadaacadcadcdaadbbcaabcabcabbcabcdddbdabbbbccdddcadbbbcdddbbbaccacacdccaccadbb
bddadddaacdcbdcaadcdbcdcddcddbdacbddbcddbacccaaaaaddadacaddcabdbbdcccaaaadbdcbcbddcbabcbadbbcaa dcdaaaccdaaadbaddccdbdadcdbadaabcacdaddddcbdbadbbbccabccdabcdcdcdbacaaccbcccccbcb
adbcbacadbdbdccabcbabcbbadbaabadabdabbddabbcbdabdcadadadcadbdddddbcbdaaabadbbbabc cbaabbaacbdaacbdcadccbcdddcbbcdbcdaaaadbaacdadbdcadabcdddacdccaccbbadbadccbbaaacbcbabbaaccabcdbcbad
dcacbdaacbcdbabcadcbccdccbaabdcdabaddbdddbbcdbabacadcbbadcababbdbcdacbddcaabadcbccdbcbbabadd abcddacbddcacdccabaddcbddaabaabccbcbbacdaacdbdddaaadcddacccbaadbdaadbcbdabbdcccbcccbbcdadcacbcbbab
ddbbaabacccbaabacdadbaaadadacbcddbdcbbdccbcbabcbdccadcddcdcbccdddcddbaaabbacbbacbdbacab abbabaadbdbccadadacbbdbababbdcaddcbcdcddcdaadcdddbcddaacadcdbbbdcaabcddbcaabdcdad
dbdabadaccdcccdccaadcbcccdcacdadbcaadbacabaddbbdbccdbdacdcabbdbcdbbbaabbdcdaabbdadda dcdacaccadddabcaaaccacbaccbccdcdabdcdabcabccbbbcdadbacabbabcccbcdcbcbdbcabaaddbcbcc
ccbbcdbddbcabbacaaabdbabaacccaaccccddccdaadbbbddbdacccdabccbcadbcbdabdabababcabbcccddd bdbaddddddbdbdacabcdaccbbaddcdcbdbcdcbaaaadcabcddbbadcdbacddbacbaadcaadacaacdcbbbdabbdcacabdcdcabbc
cbadbccbadbdaabdacabcdcbdbdadbabdbccddcbaabcbbaddadbbdadddabbabcccddcbcbadccdbdbdddadbbbdadac cdaaadacbbbcbadaddccdcbdccbdadabdddacdadbbdaddbcbcddcdbbadcacaadcaaadbbcbddbcdadbadccbdaaadcdc
dbbcccbbabaacacbdccdbdaadacddbdcaddacddabacdcaadbdabbacbabcccdadaabbdbcccddaadcbacaccddaaabbacdb dcaddaaabcddcacdbdaadcbdcdaadbcdcacbcaddcadabbdbbdbdcbadcbacbcacbddbbccddcbabacab
dbcbbddcccbcdabbdacabcbbbdccaabdccbdbbcbdbccbaddccbabcadbadcdabcaadbbadcdaacbadcaaddcddbdcbcdddb bdccddaabcccadcacdbbcdcccdccddacdbcbbdbacbcaaacaaadcdbbbdbcdcbccccddcddbddcdddadddddaabcaa
dbbcbbcdacadacccaabbbcdaabbdcdbcadbadabbdcdccbcdbbaccaacadcdcdcadcbbbcdbcdbabbcddbdcbabccaadb abaacbbcdbbabcbaadcbaddcadaabadbabbacbcbbcbbbaacbacacaadbacabbbabdaaabdbbbbcadccbbabccbbbbdbdbca
adcbdacacbaccadcbadabcaddbbdbdbcbbcdcccacacaacaabdbdacdddacdcddbbaddbbbaccccbaacbdccba ccabbccdbacadcddddbbcaccaabdcbcadabacacbcbbccadabcaccadabbdcabccaddcaacdbcabdbbcaaddcdccbdc
addbbdabababaadcacccaaadccaccccaabaaacaaacdbcdaccdaabccdccbaadccddcccbbaaabddadaccaaa aabbaacdaccbcbcabdbbbdadabdbcdddbababbcbdacdbdbccdbdddcddcdddabcccbdbdbcacdadadbaadcadcdcaaacccadcd
aabdcdbccabbccaccacbcabdbabcacdcbbbcdadbcdbbbadbadadddbbcaddbcaaadcdbdbbdaaababbcbbababcdcaabca babccacdabacddadacaacccccdddbdcddbacbdbacaccbbbbdadcdbcbabdcdcaccdbcbaaccaaaacbdbacdbaddadadcaccb
bddbbcdcbaabdbaaccdbadcbbacdccadbcdaacdadcdddbbbddacbaabbaabcddbacbaddbddcbcdaacbabadaddcc bcbddccabdaccdcadbdaabbbdbbaacdabbbdccccdbcbabcdcabbacdcdbcacbabcbddbacddacacbbdac
bccbbbdbcbdabacabcdcaaccbdbcadbccbabbcbcdddcadadabdbdddbcabacdccccbbbdabcaccaccba bbddacbabcaccaaabddcaadbdbadaddcadacbdccbbcbbcccccaaccabaacbcaaaadabbcbaaddbdaabcbacabdbbbddcaddb
ddabadcccbdacdacbdbaabbbbcbddacbbdddbdddbdbbabbbdcdddcdbacddcccadcdccdbcacccbddddbaaadacdcdaac bbdadaccbccdabccaaaccdacbdbacbaadabbccabdbddcadaaddbacbcaadcdabbcbbbaaacbbbdccaadccad
bcaacbcaccbbcccddccbbbdcbacadbdddcbddbcbabcccabaacbacddcabdabbaadabdcbdcdcbbbcdddbdbcdb daabcdabdcbbbbadbaacbabdbdbddaccbadababdcdcccddccddbdcdbbcaacdbadcdccaddadacadadddccadccda
bbdacdccadcabccdbdcabcdabdbcaabcccbdcabcadccadadababcccbbcacdcddaaddababbbbcbbdad dabbbdcdcabcdddccddddaadadcdcddcccdabccbbbbdabdbadbccbabacdcbacdadadbbdbcbadabbcd
ddadccaababdbccbacaabcddcbbabadcadcaabddbddaabddddcdacadcdddbcdbadcbcccabdccdbdccabbca aacbaccdaccababbabddddddaacddbdbcdbddadcaacadbddccbddadabddddcdabbbbaaaadcababdcdac
bdacccdcdaaccdbacacbdabcddcbccdadadcaababdbbddcbaaabcabcbbbddcadbcaaaaccbdddcbbccbdabdbdbcada babbbbacdcbbaadcaacaaadcddcdbacbcdbcdbabadacaaaacabaccdaabbadbddabccacdadbdaabdbbbcdbcbc
dbdabaacabaccbdaccdbdcbbdccbacdbbbcaabadbaaaccacbbdddbcaccbcbddbaaabadaababacbaabdcaacbadabcacada bdcddaaabccaccabcabbccdbcdcbabdddddbacddbbdadddaacbbacbddddbcbdacbdadaadbaddbdbbbddd
ccaaaccdbccabddcdabaccdabacddabdcaccddccbbdbdbdabaccadcabbbdcadcbcbbcaaabacbcdaabadababbababaab baaabbadaaadcbccbbbbdcdbadcbcdcbbaacbdbbbcdbdddbadbcdbcdaabccddccdccdcccdbcdcdbbadb
aabccbccaccdbdaaaccdbadddccbadadcdcdcbdbdaabaddadcabcdcaabdabdbcdccaaacadbadadbacabbbdbbdacdbdad daaacdbdaadccababbdbcabbcdabccadbcddbbacdcccbacbdbdabbcbadacaccadccbaccaabdadaddabccaccadbb
aabdddcadbbcddcddbbcbdcddbaacbaababcadccdcacaddcbcddadcccbcbdbdbaadbdcaadadddbbccbcccdadcd bcabbcadccdcaddcdccdddddcaccccdcaabcacadcbaacbbbbccabbccbacabcdabaccbdcddcddcbbababad
ccddcdcdddbadaacbaacaadccdbbbbdcbbcbbcbddddabdbdbabdbcdbdbbdbaddbccacacacbdcbbbdabccabccaccbc dabadaacdbcdccbadcababdbacdbacadcadcbbbdcddadbabacadcdddddadbabdccdcdbaacbddbacadbaadabbaba
dcdbcadaccccbbddccbdaccaaaababdababdbbbdcccddbcbadacccabcdacaaccacbbbcdddbacccbdccbaadcbdcacad ddabcababdcaddbccbaabbdccacaabccbabcbaacdaacbabbcaacbaaadbabacaaacacccdddccabdacddd
bbdacaaaddcdadcccbcacdcdadcbaacdabccbccbdddbaadacbccccddaadccbbacdcdabdccbcdabccbdcbdaadacbbaad bdbcaadcacccbdcabdbcadbbcdacdbacbcccbdccaabaaadbabdccaaaabbaabaacacddadddbaadabddabadba
cbdcbdabdddacbbbdddaadadbcdbcaabcdcdbaadbdbabbcadbcdaabcdadbcdcdabbabccdbdacbdbaadaaddccbbcd bcddbbcbdaaadacccaaadaccbccdccacbbaabaabbcadabdaadbcdcbbbaddcdbababbcbcdddcabbaccbdbacdadabbadcdd
ccbbdcabddbdcabcbbcccdcbdbcdbbbdabaaadcaadbbcdcaabcbcbabbbabcbbbbacddcabbcddbababdaadccaaccdbbcaadd bcbccdcaccddbccdadcdddbbacdcbbadbcccddcbbdcacaadbcccbcaaddabbadddddadbacadccccbcbcbdd
acdbacdbbbdbaabdbadcbcbdcdbabadcbcdbaaddcaadcdabcbdcdacccdccbdcaaddddbdadcbbbabcaccdc bdaaaaccabccdcacadddcbadcacacacbddbbccadddcdbbbbccbaaabbacbddadccbddabbbbcdbadccdcadaba
bdbcbbcdadaacbcabcccaacabdaabadddddaaddadbbdbaaddcbbddbaabbdbbdaacdddabdcbbabdbcd cacdbdbdacddbadbabccbadbbcadcbbdddbcdaccadbddbdcdcabaaccccbdbadbdcddcbaddbaccadddd
cdddbbddcdbabccbccdccdbdaababcabcbaaadaddbbdccbbbccbdcdbcccabcbcdcbcaddbcabddacaaab acbcabababcadbcccdbdadabdbdcbdbdbcaaaccbabcaacdabbdddadbdddbbddacbbadddabdcbcbcbb
